---
title: "Regency Specialist Hospital Sdn Bhd Vacancies Orthopaedic Nurse Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-28 
excerpt: "Regency Specialist Hospital Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Orthopaedic Nurse Manager which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Regency Specialist Hospital Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Orthopaedic Nurse Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></div><ul><li>The Nurse Manager holds a management/leadership position within Nursing Services and hospital operations. As Nurse Manager of ward/unit, he/she is responsible for planning, organizing, directing and evaluating the activities and processes within the assigned ward/unit, working collaboratively with fellow managers, educators, physicians and other members of the healthcare team in line with the hospital/nursing vision, mission, goals and objectives. As a role-model of professional behavior, he/she facilitates and supports development of the bedside nurse and fosters empowerment with the right attitudes, skills and knowledge achieving excellence through delivery of evidence-based and best nursing practices. He/she will be held accountable for the performance outcomes of the ward/unit. In addition, he/she practices within the realm of the profession&#8217;s ethical and legal frameworks, conversant with medico-legal matters whilst adhering to nursing/hospital policies, procedures and guidelines.</li></ul><div><strong>DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILTIES</strong></div><div><br><strong>Staffing Management</strong><ul><li>Manages staff within the nursing unit; establish two-way, trusting, open and positive relations; strengthen relationships; help staff understand their roles and responsibilities in line with the hospital/nursing vision, mission, goals and objectives; create a positive and cooperative image of nursing.</li><li>Supervise, coach and guide staff to be effective and efficient in delivery of patient care and management of the ward/unit activities and processes.</li><li>Foster staff personal and professional development; identify and groom staff ready for next level responsibilities; assist and manage staff incidences/ grievances; encourage and facilitate staff pursuance in job enlargement/expansion in career.</li><li>Conduct regular ward/unit meeting with staff; communicate nursing and hospital updates; help staff understand, overcome and adapt to changes</li><li>Establish appropriate lines of communication for staff within the ward/unit, Nursing Services and other departments; build rapport and maintain a cooperative relationship with members of the healthcare team.</li><li>Maintain a safe, clean and healthy workplace; enlist assistance from various personnel.</li></ul><strong>Patient Management</strong><ul><li>Manage the daily operations of the ward/unit according to nursing and hospital policies and procedures aimed at achieving optimal patient care; advocate patient-centered care.</li><li>Execute the standards of care designated for the ward/unit and assist in directing and guiding staff in the follow through of the Nursing Process APIE (Assessment, Planning, Implementation and Evaluation) framework; adopts evidence-based and best nursing practices</li><li>Establish and maintain high standards of patient care by supervision, coaching and personal example; assist and support staff where required.</li><li>Equip staff with the necessary skills and knowledge to effectively carry out patient care activities; help staff understand and execute the aspects of patient care assigned.</li></ul><div><strong>Financial Management</strong></div><ul><li>Manage and monitor the ward/unit expenditure and use of resources (equipment, supplies, materials etc.) towards cost-effectiveness whilst maintaining high standards of patient care</li><li>Prepares an annual equipment and facility budget submission with input from relevant users, nursing and department heads.</li><li>Monitor stock balances; indent and ensure availability of supplies; ensures input of relevant procedure or personnel charges in the system; conduct regular stock take exercises.</li><li>Check, authorize and submit staff time, claim sheets.</li></ul><div><strong>Ward/ Unit Management</strong></div><ul><li>Have oversight of key happenings in the ward/unit; investigates and problem-solves incidences and unusual occurrences; assist staff with the necessary reports and documentation; report/escalate matters to nursing or department heads.</li><li>Initiate and participate in infection control and quality improvement activities; ensure necessary supervision and implementation of recommended improvement activities; monitors and analyze quality indicators and audits.</li><li>Maintain and submit required ward/unit records, reports and data for administrative purposes; analyze reports and data; ensure compliance with established hospital policies, procedures, objectives, quality assurance, safety, environmental and infection control.</li><li>Ensure availability and safety of equipment and ward/unit facilities, collaborating with facility management and support service staff where required; follow-up progress.</li></ul></div><div><strong>Provide Specialty Care (For Managers with Post- Basic Certification)</strong></div><ul><li>Collect and contributes to a database (physiological, emotional, sociological, culture, psychological and spiritual needs) from available resources (e.g. Patient, family, Doctors&#8217; notes and others.)</li></ul><div><strong>OTHER DUTIES</strong></div><ul><li>Work collaboratively and cooperatively with fellow Nurse Educators, Managers and Clinicians, Physicians and various members of the healthcare team to iron out and resolve work-related issues; engage in healthy dialogue and maintain professionalism in dealings.</li><li>Act as a resource person for staff to seek information, guidance and support.</li><li>Respond, assist and support staff in emergencies or code(s) activation.</li><li>Perform role of a Nursing Coordinator as assigned/scheduled.</li><li>Actively participate in meetings, nursing and interdisciplinary committees and contribute positively towards meeting specific goals and objectives.</li><li>Lead or be active members of specific committee, task or project work group.</li></ul><div><strong>QUALIFICATIONS</strong></div><ul><li>Degree in Nursing or equivalent clinical knowledge and experience.</li><li>Post Basic in nursing or relevant qualification.</li></ul><div><strong>STATUTORY REQUIREMENT</strong></div><ul><li>Registered with Malaysia Nursing Board</li><li>Process Valid Annual Practicing Certification</li></ul><div><strong>SKILL AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENT</strong></div><ul><li>Minimum 10-year relevant experience in clinical setting and 1-years with supervisory exposure</li><li>Possess a high degree of leadership, organizational ability and communication skills</li><li>Ability to problem-solve and resolve conflicts</li><li>Knowledge of continuous quality improvement</li><li>Basic computer skills using Microsoft Office</li></ul><div><strong>Benefits:</strong></div><ul><li>5 &amp; 10 YEARS SERVICE AWARD</li><li>Training provided</li><li>Reasonable Annual Leaves Entitlement</li><li>Outpatient benefits</li></ul><div><strong>Only shortlisted candidates will be notified</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Regency Specialist Hospital (Regency) is a licensed 218-bed private tertiary care hospital providing a comprehensive range of medical and surgical services. Regency is the sister hospital of Mahkota Medical Centre in Malacca, a leading tertiary care hospital in Malaysia.</div>
<div>
		At Regency, patients are at the centre of what we do. Our team of experienced doctors and healthcare professionals deliver quality healthcare with warmth and passion.</div>
<div>
		Located in the eastern part of Iskandar Malaysia, in the growing township of Seri Alam, Masai, Johor, Regency is poised to provide premier healthcare services to the local community and the region.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/orthopaedic-nurse-manager-4449969?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4449969&sectionRank=21&token=0~84b3b92f-fe39-4c9a-a123-79e7e5cc63e6&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 