---
title: "BookDoc Vacancies Medical Lab Technologist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-06 
excerpt: "BookDoc is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Medical Lab Technologist which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>BookDoc is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Medical Lab Technologist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Requirements:</p><ul><li>Minimum Diploma in Biochemistry, Medical Science or its equivalent.</li><li>At least 2-3 years of working experience.</li><li>Able to perform routine clinical laboratory tests done in hematology, chemistry, immunohematology, microbiology, immunology and coagulation.</li><li>PC literate, familiar with Microsoft Office and PPT preparation and handling.</li><li>Pleasant &amp; mature disposition with good interpersonal skills to interact with people at all levels.</li><li>Good customer handling</li><li>Fast learner and able to work with minimum supervision.</li><li>Comfortable conversing in either English, Bahasa Melayu, Mandarin&#160;</li><li>Ready to join a startup, open for a new learning experience and work in an IT/Tech/ Mobile App company.</li><li>Priority will be given to those who have working experience in handling PCR machine and validation of report</li></ul><p>Responsibilities:</p><ul><li>Decisions concerning sample collection and handling</li><li>Daily instrument maintenance and quality control</li><li>Sample testing</li><li>Collection and interpretation of data</li><li>Maintenance of accurate records and reporting of data</li><li>Knowledge of critical values</li><li>Help with the drafting of relevant FAQ &amp; ticketing responses for Live Chat feature.</li><li>Serves as technical resource by participating in staff training; answering questions of other professionals; participating in educational opportunities; and tailor it to the requirement of the organization.</li></ul><p>Only shortlisted candidate will be contacted for an interview.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Our company is a healthcare technology company which aim to make the healthcare ecosystem more efficient. Our company is backed by a diverse group of professionals from e-commerce entreprenuer, healthcare professionals, regulators, seasoned bankers and ICT professional. The company has grown its geographical footprint from Malaysia to Singapore, Hong Kong, Indonesia, and Thailand. We are in 5 countries and 17 cities.</p><p>The company is backed by a diverse group of investors from entrepreneurs to seasoned healthcare and insurance professionals, bankers, regulators as well as ICT professionals.&#160;It is available online at&#160;www.bookdoc.com, App Store, and Google Play Store.</p><p>BookDoc is a multi-award&#160;winning&#160;company that has won awards from CNBC as one of the World's Top 100 Startup Companies; ASEAN Summit (Business Awards 2019) as the most&#160;innovative startup in the region and also by Frost &amp; Sullivan (2015-2019) as one of the most innovative healthcare technology startups in the region.</p><p><strong>BookDoc on the net</strong></p><p><strong>BookDoc&#160;- CNBC's Top 100 Upstarts Globally:</strong>&#160;https://www.cnbc.com/2019/11/12/100-of-the-worlds-most-promising-start-ups-to-watch-in-2019.html</p><p><strong>BookDoc&#160;on Forbes:&#160;</strong>&#160;https://www.forbes.com/custom/2019/10/18/malaysia-moving-ahead/#bookdoc-gearing-up-for-digital-healthcare</p><p><strong>BookDoc&#160;- ASEAN Summit (Business Awards) 2019: </strong>https://sites.bookdoc.com/2019/11/08/bookdoc-won-the-asean-business-award-2019-for-startup-category/</p><p>If you are looking for a fast moving dynamic company with the aim of making positive impact in people's life, please apply now!!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/medical-lab-technologist-4438504?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4438504&sectionRank=6&token=0~86f4fbec-cc52-49c2-a7e0-cd9a96d2ea0b&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 