---
title: "ABER CARE PTE. LTD. - HEALTHCARE Vacancies Staff Nurse for Hospital & Nursing Home ( Based in Singapore)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-29 
excerpt: "ABER CARE PTE. LTD. - HEALTHCARE is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Staff Nurse for Hospital & Nursing Home ( Based in Singapore) which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>ABER CARE PTE. LTD. - HEALTHCARE is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Staff Nurse for Hospital & Nursing Home ( Based in Singapore)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><div><strong>You will be an integral part of the team in a Hospital or Nursing Home in Singapore to provide nursing care to patients.</strong></div></div><ul><li>&#160;Monitor, reassess and evaluate patient&#8217;s condition, implement a plan of care for the patient Coordinate the care of patient, provide direct patient care, evaluate the patients&#8217; conditions, and serve as the liaison between families and physicians.</li><li>Perform nursing care such as medication administration and wound dressing</li><li>Facilitate and participate in Multidisciplinary Team to provide smooth delivery of patient care and services</li><li>Follow up to ensure continuity of patient care and treatment plans.</li><li>Maintenance and update of medical files and attend to medical emergency ,ensure compliance to infection control, safety requirements and regulations.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements for Hospital:</strong></div><ul><li>Diploma/ Degree in Nursing</li><li>Registered with Malaysia Nursing Board</li><li>Applicant Registered with Singapore Nursing Board are welcome to apply&#160;</li><li>Minimum 2 years of Nursing experience in the Hospital</li><li>Relevant experience in ENDOSCOPY/ OPERATING THEATRE/ ICU / A&amp;E/ RENAL</li><li>Proactive and self-motivated</li><li>Work Location : SINGAPORE</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements&#160;for Nursing Home&#160; :</strong></div><ul><li>Diploma/ Degree in Nursing</li><li>Registered with Malaysia Nursing Board</li><li>Applicant Registered with Singapore Nursing Board are welcome to apply&#160;</li><li>Minimum 3 years of Nursing experience in the Hospital or Nursing Home</li><li>With at least 3 years of APC&#160;</li><li>Proactive and self-motivated</li><li>Possess a passionate disposition to care for seniors</li><li>Applicant with Prior SNB registration are welcome to apply&#160;</li><li>Work Location : SINGAPORE</li></ul><div><strong>&#160;Benefits :</strong></div><ul><li>Attractive Remuneration + Housing Allowance+ + Bonus+ Medical benefit + Annual Leave + various type of allowance</li><li>2 years contract</li><li>No Placement Fee from Applicant</li></ul><div>Interested applicants are invited to send your updated resume in MS word format via Apply Now button below .<div>Check out for more vacancies</div>at http://Abercare.sg/jobs-vacancies/</div><div>Check out abercare.sg for more detail</div><div>Interested applicants are invited to send your updated Resume to CAREER@ABERCARE.SG</div><div>Only Shortlisted candidate will be notified</div>Abercare.sg | EA No. 18C9070 | Ong Beng Wah | Reg No. R1872190</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>We have many vacancies in the Hospital, Community Hospital , Nursing Home, Day Care Center, Senior Care Center, Day Dementia Care Center , SOC or Clinic.</div><div>At Aber care, our years of experience working in healthcare organizations has given us in-depth knowledge and insight into the manpower needs of the sector.</div><div>Check out website&#160; www.abercare.sg for more detail or send you resume to Career@abercare.sg.&#160;&#160;</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/staff-nurse-for-hospital-nursing-home-based-in-singapore-8171847/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8171847&sectionRank=28&token=0~2f9b6934-fd8f-48eb-bd4c-ce30d5eae30a&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 