---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan & Perundingcara Bright Prospect Sdn Bhd Vacancies RA/QA/MA Trainee (Science student) x3" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-29 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan & Perundingcara Bright Prospect Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the RA/QA/MA Trainee (Science student) x3 which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan & Perundingcara Bright Prospect Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>RA/QA/MA Trainee (Science student) x3</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><div><strong>Regulatory Affairs</strong></div><ul><li>Assist in the administrative task and reviewing of documents/ related report for submission to regulatory authorities</li><li>Assist in the coordination and updates of trackers and records.</li><li>Support other functions where required for the implementation of Regulatory activities and processes</li><li>Other RA activities as assigned</li></ul><div><strong>Quality Assurance</strong></div><ul><li>Supporting the management of product quality complaints, product security matters and product recalls</li><li>Documentation control including but not limited to controls of standard operating procedures and quality-related documents</li><li>Preparation&#160; reports</li></ul><div><strong>Medical Affairs</strong></div><ul><li>Coordinating Multi-Disciplinary meetings</li><li>Development&#160; and production of HCP materials for&#160; awareness in diagnostics partnerships of the industry</li><li>Development for patient education leaflet materials for diagnostic tests understanding</li><li>Assist and Represent Medical Affairs Manager to key account public hospitals around the country&#160; in uplifting general pathology lab integration to central molecular pathology lab in KL</li><li>Assisting Medical Diagnostics function in all relevant portfolios which includes weekly reporting, data consolidation &amp; coordination of all activities.</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree Medical Science, Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology or equivalent.</li><li><strong>FRESHIE</strong> is encouraging to apply</li><li>Meticulous with multi-tasking ability and organized</li><li>Proficient in Microsoft Office applications especially Excel files</li><li>Confident, mature, resourceful with a pleasant personality and willingness to learn</li><li>Good communication skills with possess good oral and written skills. Proficiency in English is essential.</li><li>URGENT Full-Time/Contract &amp; Immediate position(s) available.</li></ul><div><strong>Bright Prospect Services</strong></div><div>No18, 2nd Floor, Jalan 14/14, 46100 Petaling Jaya</div><div>Tel: 03-7954 8440</div><div>Consultant in Charge: <strong>Janice Lim</strong></div><div>Email: janice@brightprospect.com.my</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Now, we are calling the shots. Secure yourself with a job and career at NO COST. Call on and walk in at Bright Prospect. There's something about us. BRIGHT PROSPECT is an established recruitment agency offering free services for jobseekers. With our pool of clients from diverse sectors and industries, we aim to provide you with the solution for your ideal job and career. For candidates who are looking for career advancement, Bright Prospect will be your key to success. It has arrived, right here at your doorstep. We invite initiative and dynamic individuals to fill in the vacancies for</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/ra-qa-ma-trainee-science-student-x3-4432623?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4432623&sectionRank=1&token=0~af1a4e09-d664-4585-867a-9356762ed83a&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 