---
title: "Pharmaniaga Marketing Sdn Bhd Vacancies Key Account Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-24 
excerpt: "Pharmaniaga Marketing Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Key Account Specialist which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Pharmaniaga Marketing Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Key Account Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Summary:</strong></div><div>The Key Account Personnel will promote Pharmaniaga vaccine product(s) to strategic customers and other clients through development of relationships with key people at organizations as well as promotes the business and drive partnerships with healthcare professionals (HCPs)</div><div>This person is accountable to secure brand and vaccine portfolio access throughout Malaysia. Represents a field-based and customer focused role that works closely with internal and external customers and facilitates pull- through activities to induce growth and profitability for the overall vaccine business.</div><div>He/she will also be responsible to generate the sales for his/her territories under supervision of the immediate Supervisor and make a reliable forecast for each assigned customer and to gather information on total budget allocated to each and every assigned customer.</div><div><strong>Key Accountabilities:</strong></div><ul><li>To direct all energy, efforts and time to achieve the sales targets set to the assigned customers within the sales areas/territories/states and/or customers assigned.</li><li>Identify and prioritize sales opportunities within existing and potential customers.</li><li>He/she is to identify, analyze and deduce the buying regime, buying trends and/or patterns, customer&#8217;s each and every single department key opinion leader&#8217;s and key decision maker&#8217;s names.</li><li>Develop account specific offers and business plans for key accounts with both short- and long-term sales and profitability.</li><li>Customer facing responsibility for commercial conversations with healthcare professionals.</li><li>Collaborate with marketing team to develop customized programs and materials.</li><li>Develops long term relationships with key decision makers at key accounts and top KOLs nationwide.</li><li>Engage all major pediatric/anti-infectives/vaccine societies/NGO/bodies by executing secretariat roles for awareness campaigns.</li><li>Active participation in relevant congresses, symposia and other relevant events.</li><li>To perform the extended role of market intelligence duties such as continuously furnishing the Product Executive/Sales Manager and/or the HOD with pertinent and relevant market information such as the total budget allocated for each and every single customer, the demand for each and every single product and/or product(s) manufactured by competitors.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>University Graduate in Medical /Life science or equivalent.</li><li>1-3 years of commercial experience in vaccine/biologic products and understanding of the vaccine market.</li><li>Knowledge of key customers and contacts.Well experienced in organizing and delivering product presentation to healthcare professionals.</li><li>Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision.</li><li>Strategic thinking and planning skills.</li><li>Customer focus, result-driven, innovative thinking.</li><li>Capabilities of managing different fields</li><li>Must be able to work as a team.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		As Malaysia&#8217;s largest listed integrated pharmaceutical group, <strong>Pharmaniaga Berhad</strong> has blazed a trail within the healthcare industry as a provider of quality products and services. Listed on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia and having established itself as a leader in the local market, Pharmaniaga also has a growing global presence.</div>
<div>
		As part of our drive to become a total integrated healthcare solutions provider, our core businesses span across a wide spectrum of the industry. This includes logistics and distribution, manufacturing of generic pharmaceuticals, sales and marketing, as well as distribution of medical products and hospital equipment. Drawing upon the synergies of these activities, Pharmaniaga has expanded its reach to Malaysians through the establishment of community pharmacy.</div>
	
	The heart of our corporate philosophy is driven by our motto, <strong>Passion for Patients</strong>. Above all, we emphasise on delivering oaur promises to our clients with the highest standards of excellence, as we seek to create a lasting legacy of doing business with a conscience.<br>
</div>
<div>
	We currently seek individuals with the same integrity and professionalism that share our passion for excellence and providing high quality products and services to be part of Pharmaniaga family.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/key-account-specialist-4429611?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4429611&sectionRank=4&token=0~f026d83f-433d-4bc1-b5cb-d2be05a43e90&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 