---
title: "Pantai Medical Centre Sdn Bhd Vacancies Director of Nursing" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-11 
excerpt: "Pantai Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Director of Nursing which positioned at Batu Pahat" 
tags: [Batu Pahat] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Pantai Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Director of Nursing</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>&#8203;<strong>JOB DESCRIPTION :</strong></div><div><div><strong>Administrative Duties and Responsibilities</strong></div><div>1. Maintain and uphold the discipline and standards of the nursing team.&#160;</div><div>2. Ensure number of nursing staff meet the level of acuity of the hospital census.</div><div>3. Ensure duties assigned to all nursing personnel are consistent with their education, experience, licensure and/or certification.&#160;</div><div>4. Ensure policies and procedures are in place.</div><div>5. Develop positive employee relations, incentives and recognition programmes. Promote teamwork, mutual respect, effective communication and build trust culture</div><div>6. Develop realistic management plans that reflect the strategic direction and performance objectives of the nursing services and organization.</div><div>7. Function as a mediator and resource person across departmental lines.</div><div>8. Recommend and ensure adequate equipment is available and safe for use throughout the nursing units.&#160;</div><div>9. Attend or conduct regular meetings to update clinical and management related issues to the nursing and management teams.&#160;</div><div>10. Support and promote the hospital services as and when required.</div><div><strong>MOH, Nursing Board and Local Authorities&#8217; Guidelines</strong></div><div>1. Ensure that the Malaysian Nursing Board, MOH guidelines and Local Authorities guidelines are consistently adhered to.</div><div><strong>Clinical Duties and Responsibilities</strong></div><div>1. Resolve nursing issues, ensure smooth uninterrupted nursing operations.</div><div>2. Report any significant issues related to patient safety and care to Medical Director/PIC/CEO/COO (where applicable).</div><div>3. Review infection control surveillance reports to identify trends and to develop effective actions to control and prevent infections in collaboration with Infection Control Team</div><div><strong>Nursing Risks Management and Quality Improvement</strong></div><div>1. Demonstrate knowledge of, and application of Key Clinical Quality Indicators; proactively monitor and implement systems to achieve and/or surpass company thresholds.</div><div>2. Ensure that the clinical incidences are reported, and appropriate actions are taken.</div><div>3. Develop annual departmental goals and objectives and monitor the outcomes.</div><div>4. Develop, direct and supervise Nursing Leaders in the preparation, documentation and implementation of accreditation initiatives.</div><div><strong>Nursing Staff Development</strong>&#160;</div><div>1. Oversee and guide the staff development programmes to meet the required standards.&#160;&#160;</div><div>2. Encourage and promote optimal learning environment for all nurses.&#160;</div><div>3. Support all nursing staff orientation, on-job training and competency skill development programmes.</div><div>4. Direct and participate in teaching and learning to enhance the concepts of leadership among the nursing teams.</div><div>5. Develop the clinical skills of nursing staff and ensure that nursing staff are privileged on specialised procedures.</div><div>6. Remain up to date with clinical and managerial developments in health care.&#160;</div><div>**To undertake any other duties as delegated by the immediate superior.</div><div><strong>QUALIFICATION &amp; EXPERIENCE :</strong></div></div><ul><li>At least 15&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Valid Annual Practising Certificate</li><li>Preferably Senior Manager specialized in Healthcare - Nurse/Medical Support &amp; Assistant or equivalent.</li><li>Registered Nurse (RN) as recognized by the Nursing Board of Malaysia.</li><li>Post Basic Certification / Advanced Diploma.</li><li>Valid Annual Practicing Certificate (APC)</li><li>Preferably Bachelors/Degree/Master in Nursing (or the equivalent qualification relevant to Nursing).</li><li>A minimum of 15 years of nursing experience with at least 2-5 years in Nursing Administration / Management.</li><li>Good interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal.</li><li>Good working knowledge of Microsoft office.</li><li>Knowledge of professional nursing principles and practices.</li><li>Possess excellent interpersonal skills.</li><li>Impart exemplary and professional approach in all undertakings.</li><li>Strong organizational skills.</li><li>A self-starter, resourceful, possess initiative with the ability to work independently.</li><li>Must maintain confidentiality.</li><li>Willing to relocate and travel to hospitals within the Group.</li><li>Able to work with all levels of staff.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Pantai Medical Centre Sdn Bhd</strong> (<strong>PMCSB</strong>) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Pantai Holdings Berhad (PHB), a company involved in the hospital and healthcare industry. PMCSB provides management support such as administration, training, research and development services to PHB and its subsidiaries</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Batu Pahat. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/director-of-nursing-4403427?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4403427&sectionRank=8&token=0~c85915ea-57c0-4550-ac5e-9643b1233679&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 