---
title: "More Vacancies MIDWIFE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-11 
excerpt: "More is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the MIDWIFE which positioned at Sungai Petani" 
tags: [Sungai Petani] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>More is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>MIDWIFE</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma in Nursing or equivalent.</li><li>At least 1&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Post Basic in Midwifery</li></ul><div><strong>Job Responsibilities :</strong></div><div><ul><li>Responsible for rendering professional nursing care to antenatal during labour and postnatal patients in Labour &amp; Delivery unit and Obstetrics Unit.</li><li>To monitor normal pregnancies and to carry out examinations necessary for the monitoring the development of normal pregnancies</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>Amanjaya Specialist Centre is renamed to Pantai Hospital Laguna Merbok, making it the second Pantai hospital &#160;to operate in Kedah. Fully acquired by Pantai Hospitals Sdn Bhd in October last year, the 98-bed multi-speciality hospital located in Sungai Petani offers a range of services including cardiology, obstetrics &amp; gynaecology, orthopaedics, paediatrics, general surgery, nephrology, radiology and ear, nose &amp; throat surgery.<br>
&#160;<br>
Pantai Hospitals Sdn Bhd is part of Parkway Pantai. Following the renaming, Parkway Pantai now operates a suite of 11 Pantai hospitals and 4 Gleneagles hospitals in Malaysia.&#160;<br>
&#160;</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Sungai Petani. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/midwife-4421972?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4421972&sectionRank=24&token=0~23551069-216d-4e3f-b539-3052bf689da7&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 