---
title: "JOBSTUDIO PTE LTD Vacancies Resident Physician, Ophthalmology (Ref: HLL)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-27 
excerpt: "JOBSTUDIO PTE LTD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Resident Physician, Ophthalmology (Ref: HLL) which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>JOBSTUDIO PTE LTD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Resident Physician, Ophthalmology (Ref: HLL)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Attractive Remuneration Package!</strong></div><div>Seeking candidates who are highly motivated and willing to join a fulfilling career as a Resident Physician. The incumbent will be responsible for the daily running of clinics and any other ad-hoc duties assigned by his/her Supervisor or Head of Department. Please note that this role does not have surgical privileges.</div><strong>Requirements:</strong><div>An ideal candidate must be eligible for Conditional Registration with the Singapore Medical Council (SMC) and meet to the requirements below.</div><ul><li>Basic Medical Degree from a university / medical school listed in the Second Schedule of the Medical Registration Act recognised by the Singapore Medical Council (SMC)</li><li>Must have registrable postgraduate qualification such as Fellowship from the UK / Ireland (FRCOphth, FCOphth, FRCS) if your basic degree is NOT on the list of registerable qualifications recognized by the SMC.</li><li>Must be in active clinical practice and have at least 3 years of Clinical Ophthalmology practice experience post-Housemanship/Internship</li><li>Highly adaptive, possess high interpersonal relationship and communication skills</li><li>Must be an excellent team member and must be able to do calls</li><li>Willing to travel locally within the different eye centres in Singapore</li></ul><br><strong>Compensation &amp; Benefits</strong><div>Our clients offer a competitive salary package. Generally, this includes housing allowance, specialist allowance, one-time relocation assistance, medical benefits and annual bonuses.</div><div><br>Interested applicants, kindly furnish your detailed resume in MS Words format to liza.lateb@jobstudio.com.sg or click on the &#8220;Apply Now&#8221; button.</div><div>** We regret to inform only shortlisted candidates will be notified. Applicants who do not possess necessary experience or qualification will still be considered on individual merits and may be contacted for other opportunities. **</div>JOBSTUDIO PTE LTD<br>EA License No: 10C4754<br>EA Personnel: Liza Lateb<br>EA Personnel Reg No: R1109147</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Why JobStudio?</strong></div><div><strong>1. We Genuinely Care About You</strong><br>At JobStudio, we care about how you grow in your career. We make it our priority to understand you, your needs as well as ambitions. While monetary rewards are important, we know it is more than that. A job is about colleagues, opportunities for growth and inspiration. We try to stand in your shoes and understand what you truly want from a job and in life.</div><div><strong>2. Rely on a Strong Network</strong><br>Over the years, we have acquired experience and expertise in many sectors. As a result, we have built strong relationships with major companies, providing us with the latest job openings. More importantly, we know how you work and how you can fit into each company's culture. If you are a professional, JobStudio is able to find the right job for you.</div><div><br><strong>3. You Deserve the Best</strong><br>Within a short span of seven years, we have made a name for ourselves in the staffing and executive search industry. We hold about 70% of the healthcare recruitment sector. As a testimony to our stellar growth, our founder was awarded with Entrepreneur of the Year Award in 2014. We are confident that we can find the best job for you because we are the best in recruitment.</div><div><br><strong>Our Mission</strong><br>Our mission is to forge strong relationships by genuinely caring for our candidates and clients.</div><div><br><strong>Our Vision</strong><br>Building Careers &amp; Growing Companies</div><div><br><strong>Our E.T.H.I.C.S Values</strong></div><div>Empathy: Taking a leaf out of your book, we will stand in your shoes.</div><div>Trustworthiness: You can trust us like a friend.</div><div>Hard Work: We will work hard for you, going that extra mile always.</div><div>Innovation: We will continue to look at ways to improve ourselves so that we can serve you better.</div><div>Cooperation: We do not just work for you, we work with you.</div><div>Success: Ultimately, we want you to succeed in life!</div><div>PDPA disclaimer: By submission of your application or resume&#160; to JobStudio, you will be deemed to have consented to JobStudio collecting, using, retaining and / or disclosing your personal information to prospective employers for their consideration.&#160;</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/resident-physician-ophthalmology-ref:-hll-8168363/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8168363" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 