---
title: "Kelly Services (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Healthcare Customer Success Specialist ( CT Certification)   - KL Sentral" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-09 
excerpt: "Kelly Services (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Healthcare Customer Success Specialist ( CT Certification)   - KL Sentral which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kelly Services (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Healthcare Customer Success Specialist ( CT Certification)   - KL Sentral</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Please Read before apply:</strong></div><div><strong>Job Details :</strong><br>Position Title : Application &amp; Customer Success Specialist<br>Company Industry : Healthcare Services<br>Working Hours : Monday to Friday (8:30AM &#8211; 5:30PM)<br>Working Location : NU Tower 2, Jalan Tun Sambanthan, KL Sentral, 50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia<br>Contract Duration : 12 Months under Kelly Services (highly renewal based on performance)</div><div>Requirements :</div><ul><li>Minimum degree holder or at least with Radiographic Testing (RT) Certification</li><li>Minimum 2 years&#8217; experience working in a hospital environment, with <strong>strong understanding on how a radiology department works, its challenges, workflows and processes</strong>.</li><li>Required active professional&#160; <strong>CT&#160; clinical/technical&#160; certifications/registries&#160;</strong> necessary&#160; <strong>to&#160; scan&#160; live patients </strong>in a clinical scenario</li><li>Candidate should be comfortable in a physician and clinical/patient care environment</li><li>Willingness to travel extensively within Malaysia as well as to nationwide sales meetings and tradeshows</li><li>Fluent English both spoken and written</li></ul><div><strong>Overall Responsibility :</strong></div><ul><li>The Application &amp; Customer Success Specialist will focus on supporting the Services business scale up their portfolio of Digital and Lifecycle solutions focused at enabling Healthcare organizations enhance their clinical and operational outcomes. This role will be key to driving incremental revenue and stronger customer after market value.</li><li>This position may work individually at an account and as part of a Healthcare team.</li><li>The candidate will support the ASEAN Healthcare Services team to build an impactful customer success program, support commercial activities by partnering with the sales teams to present value propositions to customers, render the education/training solutions to customers among other key activities.</li><li>Use market and product knowledge to assist sales team in developing sales, marketing and customer service strategies</li><li>Communicate effectively with members&#160; of&#160; sales/marketing/service team&#160; to&#160; maximize&#160; all&#160; sales potential and communicates leads to relevant colleagues.</li><li>Generates and maintain customer profiles, including key decision makers.</li><li>Ensures knowledge of and compliance with Company policies and quality processes</li><li>Primary focus will be to provide support to CT customers but also periodically support our users within the other countries in ASEAN.</li></ul><div>How to Apply<br>Serious applicants can :<br>Send your updated resume to <strong>Fadzliah_Fabli@kellyservices.com.my&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Title/Subject : Application for Application &amp; Customer Success Specialist</li><li>Please also include the soonest availability to start work and your expected salary</li></ul><div>Due to high number of applicants, only qualified candidates will be contacted for interview.<br>We thank you for your application.</div><div>Kelly Services</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>For the past 35 years, Kelly Services Malaysia has been partnering with the finest local companies, key government agencies as well as some of the world's most respected multinational companies to deliver the best talent in the market. We operate from 4 strategic locations - Kuala Lumpur, Melaka, Johor Bahru and Penang - specialising in various industry verticals covering mid to senior roles.</div><div>Our centralised recruitment hub makes over 8,000 placements in Malaysia annually. Complementing our general staffing capability, Kelly Services Malaysia also offers great expertise in the sourcing of specialised professionals across technical disciplines such as Banking &amp; Financial Services, Sales &amp; Marketing, Office Support, Human Resources, Contact Centre, Engineering, Healthcare &amp; Life Sciences, Information Technology &amp; Communications and Procurement, Supply Chain &amp; Logistics.</div><div>Connect with us on Facebook and LinkedIn.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/healthcare-customer-success-specialist-ct-certification-kl-sentral-4420007?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4420007&sectionRank=2&token=0~a35b1b76-7af3-4468-9149-d70d57c10bbb&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 