---
title: "JAC Recruitment Malaysia Vacancies DRUG SAFETY SPECIALIST (REF: HJ)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-16 
excerpt: "JAC Recruitment Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the DRUG SAFETY SPECIALIST (REF: HJ) which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>JAC Recruitment Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>DRUG SAFETY SPECIALIST (REF: HJ)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><ul><li>Manage safety queries and other significant safety information locally, inclusive of crisis management.</li><li>Prepare, maintain and implement the necessary SOPs that meet the requirements of the regulations with respect to drug safety.</li><li>Conduct local literature search and ensure any other safety data deemed fit for inclusion in the PSUR/PBRER or signal management process.</li><li>Review and finalise the relevant agreement, including Pharmacovigilance Agreements with third parties (e.g., distributor) to ensure appropriate safety reporting processes are in place.</li><li>Continual risk assessment of local PV operations, including early notification of any risks.</li><li>Responsible for all regulatory affairs matters after NDAs, including but not limited to, new indications, variations and registration renewals.</li><li>Manage Import License and associated Product List in timely manner to ensure continuous supply of stock.</li><li>To contribute RA inputs (e.g., regulatory strategies, timelines, labelling change, stock impact during transition period, etc.) for ad-hoc projects such as assessment of new in-license products.</li></ul><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Pharmacy/Pharmacology or equivalent.</li><li>Minimum 5 years or more in Pharmacovigilance and Regulatory Affairs role in pharmaceutical company.</li><li>Able to work independently and with others, positive attitude, willingness to embrace new skills.</li><li>Fluency in English and Bahasa Malaysia (written and spoken).</li><li>IT: Microsoft Office (PowerPoint, Excel, Word).</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>JAC Recruitment was first established in London, UK in 1975. Our growth continue in Asia, where we make our mark in 11 countries: Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia,&#160;Thailand, &#160;Hong Kong, China,&#160;Korea, Vietnam, India, United Kingdom and Japan.</div><div><br>We established since April 1994 in Malaysia and has &#160;been providing accurate and high quality recruitment service to our clients. We introduce highly skilled, experienced and professional personnel, spanning through a wide range of expertise; Executive Placement, Staff Placement, Native Japanese, Japanese Speaking, and Multilingual Talent&#160;</div><div>Emphasizing on quick and efficient solution to your recruitment needs while maintaining a unique, warm Malaysian approach in our communications, assuring a superior quality service that connects employers with employees, fulfilling employment needs in harmonious perfection.</div><ul><li>Our consultants are well trained professional and has in-depth industry specific knowledge</li><li>We are committed to provide borderless operation with the same high standard of service everywhere</li><li>We Place the right talents, to the right positions, at the right companies with joy!</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/drug-safety-specialist-ref:-hj-4424574?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4424574&sectionRank=2&token=0~8856b5b5-3a05-4289-a917-29603fe7facf&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 