---
title: "International Committee of the Red Cross Vacancies Staff Health Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-11 
excerpt: "International Committee of the Red Cross is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Staff Health Officer which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>International Committee of the Red Cross is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Staff Health Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>INTERNATIONAL COMMITTEE OF THE RED CROSS (ICRC)</strong></div><div>The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) is an impartial, neutral and independent organization whose exclusively humanitarian mission is to protect the lives and dignity of victims of armed conflicts and other situations of violence and to provide them with assistance. It directs and coordinates the international relief activities conducted by the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement in situations of conflict. It also endeavours to prevent suffering by promoting and strengthening humanitarian law and universal humanitarian principles.</div><div>The Staff Health Officer is the focal person for all matters relating to the health of ICRC staff (both, national and international staff) in the 2 Regional Delegations. In line with ICRC staff health policies and in collaboration with the Regional staff health coordinator and medical experts in the HQ, S/he promotes and maintains the physical and mental health of the ICRC staff working for Kuala Lumpur/Malaysia and Jakarta/Indonesia regional delegations.</div><div><strong>Staff Health Officer</strong></div><div><strong>(based in Kuala Lumpur, and covering both Malaysia and Indonesia)</strong></div><div><strong>Main duties and responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>The Staff Health Officer is the focal person for all matters relating to the health of ICRC staff in the Regional Delegations.</li><li>In line with ICRC staff health policies and in collaboration with the Regional staff health coordinator and medical experts in the HQ, S/he promotes and maintains the physical and mental health of the ICRC staff in Malaysia and Indonesia.</li><li>She/he is in charge of staff Health promotion and disease prevention (medical briefing, first aid kits and trainings).</li><li>She/he will oversee the emergency preparedness and case management (referral hospitals, Medevacs, Hotline 24/7).</li><li>She/he will oversee Mental Health and Psycho-Social Support (MHPSS) for staff, working in partnership with the regional staff psychosocial support coordinator in the implementation of the staff health strategy (prevention and support).</li><li>She/he will support provide support to ICRC crisis management mechanism and provide support to individuals in the aftermath of critical incidents following existing SOP.</li><li>Perform regular field visits to guarantee quality and harmonization of staff health services in all sites and subsites.</li><li>Liaise with Health Insurance companies</li></ul><div><strong>Minimum required knowledge &amp; experience</strong></div><ul><li>Medical doctor, MBBS.</li><li>6 years overall professional experience.</li><li>Minimum 3 years of clinical experience.</li><li>Fluency in English.</li><li>Experience in mental health, stress management.</li><li>Knowledge in public health systems of Malaysia and Indonesia is added advantage.</li><li>Experience with occupational health, medical evacuation, tropical health is desirable.</li><li>Proficiency with MS-Office and internet tools.</li><li>Good rigor, method and analytical skills.</li><li>Management skills.</li><li>Willing to travel 50% of her/his time, as per needs (domestic as well as international).</li><li>Keeps strict medical confidentiality.</li><li>Respect of medical professional ethics and regulations</li></ul><div><strong>WE OFFER</strong></div><ul><li>A national contract with a competitive compensation and social package.</li><li>A challenging job in a learning organisation with development opportunities.</li><li>The opportunity to be part of an internationally renowned humanitarian organisation.</li></ul><div>This position is open only to Malaysian Residents. Closing Date: 10 December 2020.</div><div>Please note that only short-listed candidates will be contacted for tests and interviews.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Established in 1863, the ICRC operates worldwide, helping people affected by conflict and armed violence and promoting the laws that protect victims of war. An independent and neutral organization, its mandate stems essentially from the Geneva Conventions of 1949. We are based in Geneva, Switzerland, and employ over 18,000 people in over 90 countries. The ICRC is funded mainly by voluntary donations from governments and from National Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.</div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>The ICRC has worked for nearly 100 years in Asia, working from 12 delegations overseeing programmes in over 20 countries throughout the region.&#160; The Regional Delegation based in Kuala Lumpur covers activities and programmes in Malaysia, Singapore and Brunei.&#160;</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/staff-health-officer-4415311?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4415311&sectionRank=1&token=0~c85915ea-57c0-4550-ac5e-9643b1233679&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 