---
title: "JOBSTUDIO PTE LTD Vacancies Staff Nurse/Senior (ICU/NICU/A&E/OT) APPLY NOW ! REF : JC" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-29 
excerpt: "JOBSTUDIO PTE LTD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Staff Nurse/Senior (ICU/NICU/A&E/OT) APPLY NOW ! REF : JC which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>JOBSTUDIO PTE LTD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Staff Nurse/Senior (ICU/NICU/A&E/OT) APPLY NOW ! REF : JC</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><div><strong>Looking for Staff Nurse/Senior Staff Nurse<br>Good Job Opportunity with Leading Healthcare Organization<br>Various Opportunities Available: Located Islandwide/All Discipline/Private or Restructured Hospital &amp; Clinic Setting&#160;</strong></div><div><strong>Perm/Locum Position Avaiable ! APPLY NOW</strong></div><div><strong>Our Client</strong><br>Leading healthcare groups in Singapore, offering excellent patient care services as well as a comprehensive range of medical services. They strive to serve the healthcare needs of residents by providing affordable and high quality medical care.</div><div><strong>Job Description</strong><br>The selected personnel would be expected to play an important role in providing professional render care to patient. In addition, this role would require the applicant to:<br>&#8226; Assessing and planning nursing care for patient<br>&#8226; Providing post and pre operation care to patients<br>&#8226; Taking patients' sample, vital sign such as measure of blood pressure and temperatures<br>&#8226; Consult and coordinate with health care team members to assess, plan and implement patient care plans</div><div><strong>The Successful Applicant</strong><br>You will be a self-driven and motivated employee with good knowledge and concept in nursing operations. In addition, you will possess<br>&#8226; Diploma/Degree in Nursing<br>&#8226; Good interpersonal and communication skills</div><div><strong>What is in for you?</strong></div><div>Successful applicants would be offered an excellent opportunity to work in a prestigious healthcare environment with massive room for career advancements and growth. You will also receive competitive remuneration and benefits. Please feel free to contact us to find out more.</div><div>Interested applicants, kindly furnish us with your detailed resume in MS Words format and click "Apply Now" button or email at jo@jobstudio.com.sg</div><div><br>** We regret to inform only shortlisted candidates will be notified. Applicants who do not possess necessary experience or qualification will still be considered on individual merits and may be contacted for other opportunities.**</div><div>JOBSTUDIO PTE LTD<br>EA License No: 10C4754<br>EA Personnel: Chew Hui Sin<br>EA Personnel Reg No: R1658137</div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Why JobStudio?</strong></div><div><strong>1. We Genuinely Care About You</strong><br>At JobStudio, we care about how you grow in your career. We make it our priority to understand you, your needs as well as ambitions. While monetary rewards are important, we know it is more than that. A job is about colleagues, opportunities for growth and inspiration. We try to stand in your shoes and understand what you truly want from a job and in life.</div><div><strong>2. Rely on a Strong Network</strong><br>Over the years, we have acquired experience and expertise in many sectors. As a result, we have built strong relationships with major companies, providing us with the latest job openings. More importantly, we know how you work and how you can fit into each company's culture. If you are a professional, JobStudio is able to find the right job for you.</div><div><br><strong>3. You Deserve the Best</strong><br>Within a short span of seven years, we have made a name for ourselves in the staffing and executive search industry. We hold about 70% of the healthcare recruitment sector. As a testimony to our stellar growth, our founder was awarded with Entrepreneur of the Year Award in 2014. We are confident that we can find the best job for you because we are the best in recruitment.</div><div><br><strong>Our Mission</strong><br>Our mission is to forge strong relationships by genuinely caring for our candidates and clients.</div><div><br><strong>Our Vision</strong><br>Building Careers &amp; Growing Companies</div><div><br><strong>Our E.T.H.I.C.S Values</strong></div><div>Empathy: Taking a leaf out of your book, we will stand in your shoes.</div><div>Trustworthiness: You can trust us like a friend.</div><div>Hard Work: We will work hard for you, going that extra mile always.</div><div>Innovation: We will continue to look at ways to improve ourselves so that we can serve you better.</div><div>Cooperation: We do not just work for you, we work with you.</div><div>Success: Ultimately, we want you to succeed in life!</div><div><br>Employment Agency License No.: 10C4754</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/staff-nurse-senior-icu-nicu-a-e-ot-apply-now-!-ref-:-jc-8172258/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8172258&sectionRank=29&token=0~2f9b6934-fd8f-48eb-bd4c-ce30d5eae30a&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 