---
title: "Panorama pharma sdn bhd Vacancies pharmacist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-12 
excerpt: "Panorama pharma sdn bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the pharmacist which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Panorama pharma sdn bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>pharmacist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least</li><li>At least 2 Year(s) of working experience in the related field</li><li>Required Skill(s):</li><li>Preferably Junior Executive specialized in Healthcare - Pharmacy or equivalent.</li><li>Candidate will act as a Pharmacist for this job positing</li><li>. We would like to meet some talented candidate profiles having the requirements as mentioned below to join our team. Requirements: &#8226; Degree in Pharmacy or equivalent qualification. &#8226; Fully Registered Pharmacist with Lembaga Malaysia. &#8226; Experience working with the pharmaceutical industry is preferred. &#8226; IT knowledge involving logistics, supply chain and purchasing is preferred. &#8226; Fluent in English and Bahasa Malaysia, both written and spoken. Responsibilities: Import/Wholesaler&#8217;s License and QA &#8226; To prepare and submit an application for Import License and Wholesaler License of the Company, and to be the Responsible Person named in such license. &#8226; To prepare, maintain and implement the necessary SOPs and other quality system that meet the requirements of the regulations with respect to product quality and Good Documentation Practice. &#8226; To discuss and agree on the allocations of roles and responsibilities between the Company and related parties to ensure appropriate product quality processes. Product Registration &#8226; To ensure proper submission of new drug application (NDA) to the health authority (NPRA), including but not limited to, compilation of dossiers and preparation of product information &#8226; To ensure accurate reporting and compliance to the regulatory requirements. &#8226; To be responsible for all regulatory affairs matters after NDAs, including but not limited to, new indications, variations and registration renewals. &#8226; To establish the workflow process for Regulatory Affairs &#8226; To coordinate with our partners to obtain the necessary documents and update submission / registration timeline for regulatory dossier submission. &#8226; To provide support or deal with the governmental regulatory authorities to secure Marketing Authorizations. Regulatory Input &#8226; To search, collect, analyze and evaluate the information with respect to regulatory activities, and make and send the report for them. &#8226; To visit regulatory authorities, important medical consultants and key customers in the public and private sectors, when necessary.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>PANORAMA PHARMA SDN BHD (1394166-V) Regulatory Pharmacist We are a pharmaceutical company dealing in generics and API based in Kuala Lumpur. We would like to meet some talented candidate profiles having the requirements as mentioned below to join our team. Requirements: &#8226; Degree in Pharmacy or equivalent qualification. &#8226; Fully Registered Pharmacist with Lembaga Farmasi Malaysia. &#8226; Experience working with the pharmaceutical industry is preferred. &#8226;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/pharmacist-4442266?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4442266&sectionRank=16&token=0~e36f5a4f-97f0-4a91-8e90-cc207eb77f24&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 