---
title: "Capita Global Sdn Bhd Vacancies Clinical Service Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-16 
excerpt: "Capita Global Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Clinical Service Specialist which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Capita Global Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Clinical Service Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>JOB DESCRIPTION</strong></div><ul><li>Maintains own professional development. Regularly update current knowledge through attendance and participation in conferences, seminars and workshops.</li><li>Maintains own level of knowledge and clinical competence in accordance with current trends in contemporary nursing.</li><li>Actively participates and undertakes quality improvement activities.</li><li>Works harmoniously as an integral part of the multidisciplinary team.</li><li>Ensure efficient and effective utilization of resources.</li><li>Develop personal and professional profile by membership of relevant bodies and organizations.</li><li>Display a professional image to the teammates/patients at all times.</li><li>Assist in the development, review, revision, and compliance of clinical policies and procedures and/or education materials.</li><li>Provide training and monitor the implementation of clinical policies and procedures in the facility.</li><li>Participate with the Country Nursing Lead (CNL) and Facility Administrator (FA) in the identification and development of facility specific education and outcome goals.</li><li>Assist in the implementation and monitoring of the goals to achieve desired results.</li><li>Provides a consultancy service for other appropriate health professionals within facilities.</li><li>Develops and conducts formal and informal education for appropriate nurses and teammates.</li><li>Assist in the development of patient education program, conduct patient education seminar, and participate in patient focus program.</li><li>Coordinate the review and investigation of sentinel adverse occurrences and participate in the plan of correction and follow-up as requested.</li><li>Facilitate all education program/audit process, scheduling of classes and logistic requirement.</li><li>Provide support/direction to all Quality Champions/Preceptor and develop resolution to address their needs.</li><li>Oversees the timely submission of all reports and data collection requests by the corporate support teams.</li><li>Assist in Corporate and/or Division initiatives and special projects as assigned.</li><li>Facilitate all external regulatory and safety audits and requirements on and as needed basis</li><li>Actively participates in the development, implementation and maintenance of continuous quality improvement programs.</li><li>Benchmark facilities outcomes, identify and share best practices.</li><li>Ensure quality improvement programs are in place and functional in the facilities.</li><li>Perform clinical audits as indicated and provide support in developing a plan of correction. Work with the Facility Administrator and Operational Director to ensure implementation and resolution of deficiencies.</li><li>Coordinate the review and investigation of sentinel adverse occurrences and participate in the plan of correction and follow up as required.</li></ul><div>MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS</div><ul><li>Education, licenses, certifications, and experience required to fulfill the essential duties, including computer skills as required.</li><li>Registered as a general nurse with Malaysia Nursing Board</li><li>Post Basic Certification/Diploma in Renal Nursing</li><li>Extensive and recent experience in Nephrology nursing (minimum 3 years)</li><li>Demonstrated knowledge of contemporary Nephrology nursing theory and practice</li><li>Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communications skills including ability to listen attentively and to communicate information clearly and effectively</li><li>Computer literacy</li><li>Demonstrated commitment to quality improvement initiatives</li><li>Professional and excellent presentation skills</li><li>Willing to travel</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>A premium recruitment expert and staffing provider for international companies&#8217; across Asia. Encompassing Permanent placements across all industry sectors. Highly personalised in services to ensure clients find the right talent to meet their needs.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/clinical-service-specialist-4424760?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4424760&sectionRank=4&token=0~8856b5b5-3a05-4289-a917-29603fe7facf&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 