---
title: "JSS MEDICAL LAB (M) SDN BHD Vacancies Medical Laboratory Technologist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-25 
excerpt: "JSS MEDICAL LAB (M) SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Medical Laboratory Technologist which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>JSS MEDICAL LAB (M) SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Medical Laboratory Technologist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><div><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></div><div>Under general supervision, conducts a variety of standardized clinical laboratory tests within a specialized area (Molecular/Covid-19 Laboratory) and/or across specialty lines, using manual or instrumental methodology in accordance with all regulatory agency requirements; and performs related duties as required.</div></div></div><div><strong>DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES</strong><ul><li>iPerform specimen accession, specimen identification and preparation of specimen for analysis according to specified procedures in Molecular/Covid-19 Laboratory.</li><li>Determine the suitability of the specimen prior to performing tests and ensure specimen integrity is maintained throughout process.</li><li>Adhere to test procedure specified by laboratory manual when performing any tests.</li><li>Evaluates the validity of results obtained. Identify discrepancies and re-analyze specimens when necessary or abnormal results.</li><li>Informed Doctor or nursing staff for urgently abnormal results or panic results.</li><li>Maintains proper records of results; ensures that testing methods follow established quality control procedures.</li><li>Reporting all the results into laboratory information system accurately.</li><li>Operate instrument according to instruction; calibrate and maintain instrument maintenance &amp; QC sheet; maintains laboratory in a clean and orderly condition.</li><li>Participate in internal and external Quality Control programs.</li><li>Monitor reagents, supplies and consumables in assigned area.</li><li>Prepare the reagents/ calibrator/ QC where relevant.</li><li>Perform all the tests accurately and within expected turnaround time.</li></ul><div>REPORT TO<div>Laboratory Manager and Deputy Quality/Technical Manager.</div><div><strong>EMPLOYMENT STANDARDS</strong><div>Academic Qualification</div><ul><li>Diploma in Medical Laboratory Technology or any science related field, recognized by the Government of Malaysia. Most prefect degree in biotechnology.&#160;&#160;</li></ul><div>Knowledge of</div><ul><li>Standard laboratory techniques, equipment and terminology; standardized tests performed in an approved laboratory; standard laboratory operating procedures; laboratory safety practices and laboratory information systems.</li></ul><div>Ability to</div><ul><li>- Make routine laboratory examinations; follow written and oral instructions; maintain proper test records and make appropriate reports; work with patience, caution, and accuracy; maintain effective working relationships with others and communicate effectively both orally and in writing; computer literate.</li></ul></div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JSS Medical Lab (M) Sdn. Bhd.</strong> is a well established service medical lab. It is a medical laboratory which receives samples from general practitioners, insurance companies, clinical research sites and other health clinics for analysis. JSS Medical Lab provides the service of testing clinical specimens in order to obtain information about the health of a patient as pertaining to the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/medical-laboratory-technologist-4430733?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4430733&sectionRank=4&token=0~324799cf-9fd8-445d-b568-eae39e338750&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 