---
title: "Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd Vacancies Senior Manager, Laboratory" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-02 
excerpt: "Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Manager, Laboratory which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Manager, Laboratory</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB PURPOSE</strong><br>Overall responsible for overseeing and managing the Medical Laboratory Services, in the most effective and efficient manner in order to yield excellent operational results, customer service delivery and stakeholders&#8217; return. Also responsible for new business development and implementation of services related to these departments which are in line with the hospital business plan and strategic direction as well as in conformance to regulatory requirements.</div><div><strong>PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES</strong></div><ul><li>Lead and direct Laboratory Service Teams in service development and implementation as well as in the establishment of effective and efficient operations system, in order to achieve departmental financial and service goals.</li><li>Ensure efficient and effective operations management and adherence to risk management; consistently conforming to company-prescribed standards, regulations and accreditation bodies, to drive a quality outcome and patient safety.</li><li>Effective human capital management of Laboratory Services, as prescribed by the company policies, procedures, programs, methodologies and approaches; to attract, retain and engage talents required to achieve department and organizational objectives.</li><li>Lead the Quality and Risk Management Initiatives within the division by working closely with HODs to review, design and implement a quality framework to conform to accreditation standards and statutory requirements.</li><li>Drive and sustain Six-sigma techniques and tools for process improvements across Allied Health departments.</li></ul><div><strong>QUALIFICATIONS &amp; EXPERIENCES</strong></div><ul><li>A recognized Degree in Medical Lab Technology/Biomedical Science or equivalent. Experienced in training, education and practical application of general management discipline.</li><li>At least 10 years of working experience as a practicing medical laboratory technologist, with up to 5 years at an increasingly responsible management level position in departmental operations in a hospital setting.</li><li>Working knowledge of healthcare and related Acts, regulations and accreditation standards e.g. MS ISO 15189, ACHS and MSQH.</li><li>Possess sufficient technical know-how to plan and commission new and expanded laboratory services.</li><li>Possess most of the management capabilities in rolling out new services and team leadership qualities, at the desired level of competence. Has sufficient depth and breadth of technical competence required for the job e.g. ability to translate complex technical or technological inputs for operational application and developing others.</li><li>Demonstrate high initiative and work independently towards achieving goals and objectives competently.</li><li>Good interpersonal and communication skills to negotiate, direct, engage or facilitate others to gain commitment or derive common objectives.</li><li>Good conceptual and analytical thinking with strategic orientation. Demonstrate sound judgment in weighing up alternatives, the capability to make considered decisions for operational level under conditions with some uncertainties.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is a multi-disciplinary acute tertiary care hospital, located within the integrated properties of Bandar Sunway. We have established many Centres of Excellence and take pride in providing the highest standard of care and treatment to our patients. A highly-accredited hospital, we are internationally certified with the Australian Council on Healthcare Standards (ACHS) and its laboratory is the first in Malaysia to be awarded the Westgard Sigma Verification and is also certified by Standards Malaysia (MS ISO 15189).</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-manager-laboratory-4434307?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4434307&sectionRank=8&token=0~20e28f80-b4ba-4879-9203-766f991aea16&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 