---
title: "MAS AWANA SERVICES SDN. BHD. Vacancies DIETITIAN (KUL & KCH STATION)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-27 
excerpt: "MAS AWANA SERVICES SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the DIETITIAN (KUL & KCH STATION) which positioned at Selangor - Others, Kuching" 
tags: [Selangor - Others, Kuching] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MAS AWANA SERVICES SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>DIETITIAN (KUL & KCH STATION)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>KEY RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><div>1. To understand and implement Guidelines of Hospital Catering and Peraturan Kebersihan Makanan 2009.</div><div>2. In-charge of day to day operation and service so it is running smoothly and accordingly.</div><div>3. To ensure that meal supplied is sufficient for In-Patient, Out-Patient and hospital staffs.</div><div>4. To ensure nutritional content of food is according to patient medical condition.</div><div>5. To comprehend good knowledge of therapeutic diet and special need that may require by patient.</div><div>6. To understand the social culture that may be practiced by patients attending the hospital.</div><div>7. To maintain staff discipline and to ensure personal hygiene is adhere all times.</div><div>8. To ensure the work area, facilities and staff are within the company hygiene standard.</div><div>9.&#160; Provide dietary services in accordance with company guidelines, state and federal laws and regulations</div><div>10. Develop nutrition plans and implement interventions based on knowledge of patient's current health</div><div>11. Complete monthly, quarterly and yearly assessments of clients and adapt nutrition plans as needed</div><div>12. Implement personalized, age-specific and culturally appropriate nutrition strategies</div><div>13. Deliver client nutrition recommendations to physicians, nurses and aides as required.</div><div>OTHER TASK</div><div>1. Understand the process flow from production until tray clearing at wash-up.</div><div>2. Conduct the daily briefing with all food service staffs.</div><div>3. Attend any meeting and training sessions as directed by superiors.</div><div>4. Engage with hospital management and administration team and attend to related meeting on behalf of the company.</div><div>5. Report to Maintenance Executive and General Manager for any breakdown of equipment in the workplace.</div><div>6. Report to the People &amp; Training Department and/or Head of KUL Operations of any incident of wrongdoing by food service staff.</div><div>7. Any other task as directed by the management that benefit the company, align with business plan, corporate vision, mission and core values</div></div><div><strong>MINIMUN QUALIFICATIONS</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess Bachelor's Degree in Dietetics.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Bahasa Malaysia, English</li><li>At least 1 Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position or fresh graduates are encouraged to apply.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Able to work independently and under minimum supervision., Reliable, attention to details and deadline oriented., Working experience and basic knowledge about food and nutrition., Excellent interpersonal skills, Strong problem solving, project management and organization skills.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Currently we occupy two units of a three-storey building which has been converted into a CPU, located in a light industrial area in <strong>Bandar Baru Salak Tinggi, Sepang</strong> about five kilometers from KLIA and Putrajaya. We have one of the most advanced state-of-the-art Central Production Kitchens (CPU) within the Klang Valley with an estimated line production capacity of circa. 10,000 packed food per day. Plans are under way to acquire the adjacent lots for immediate expansion in view of increasing our production capacity to 20,000 packed food per day.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor - Others, Kuching. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/dietitian-kul-kch-station-4431410?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4431410&sectionRank=9&token=0~bce3f2b1-7363-4390-a948-a873c5859343&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 