---
title: "International Committee of the Red Cross Vacancies Health Project Coordinator (Malaysian Red Crescent Society, Sabah)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-29 
excerpt: "International Committee of the Red Cross is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Health Project Coordinator (Malaysian Red Crescent Society, Sabah) which positioned at Sabah" 
tags: [Sabah] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>International Committee of the Red Cross is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Health Project Coordinator (Malaysian Red Crescent Society, Sabah)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Malaysian Red Crescent Society (MRCS)</strong></p><p><strong>Sabah State</strong></p><p>The Malaysian Red Crescent Society (MRCS) is looking to recruit a Health Project Coordinator based in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah. The successful candidate will be reporting directly to the Malaysian Red Crescent Society (MRCS), the state of Sabah. He/She will be engaged in health projects and in close coordination with the ICRC will plan and implement Community Based Health Services/Programmes.</p><p>The Health Project Coordinator&#8217;s responsibilities include the preparation of comprehensive action plans, managing resources, timeframes and budgets for projects. He/She will perform various coordinating tasks, such as scheduling and risk management, along with administrative duties, such as maintaining project documentation and handling financial queries.</p><p>To succeed in this role, the candidate is required to have excellent time management and communication skills, as he/she will collaborate with agencies, communities and internal teams to deliver results on deadlines.</p><p><strong>Health Project Coordinator</strong></p><p>(based in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah)</p><p><strong>Main duties and responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>To identify and to define health projects, requirements, scope and objectives,</li><li>Conduct health assessments of the identified projects before and after each project taking place,</li><li>Coordinate all health and hygiene related activities; this includes planning, implementation, monitoring and follow up of and to report on every activity and program held,</li><li>Enhance capacity building of the MRCS volunteers and of the community volunteers&#8217; engagement in implementing and monitoring of the first aid and health and hygiene trainings,</li><li>Continue building the MRCS health programmes and coordinate with the state health Department, other health agencies, and NGOs in Sabah,</li><li>Document and report all health activities and ensure proper filing of the health-related activities,</li><li>Liaise between MRCS Sabah state Headquarters and ICRC, and support in the reporting to MRCS national headquarters on health activities carried out,</li><li>To enhance and to encourage MRCS Districts&#8217; participation in this community health programmes.</li><li>Ensure that all health projects are completed on time within the budget set, and meet high quality standards.</li></ul><p><strong>Minimum required knowledge &amp; experience:</strong></p><ul><li>At least a Diploma in Health-related studies,</li><li>Minimum or at least 2 years of experience in health and hygiene related project management is an added advantage,</li><li>An ability to dispense, prepare and interpret flowcharts, schedules and step-by-step action plans with least supervision,</li><li>Sound organizational skills, including multitasking and time-management</li><li>Have representation posture when meeting agencies, communities and demonstrate teamwork skills,</li><li>Strong working knowledge of computer and Information Technology (IT),</li><li>Proven work experience as a Project Coordinator or similar role is an added advantage,</li><li>Proficient in English, Bahasa Malaysia, proficiency in other local dialects would be of advantage.</li></ul><p><strong>Closing date: 8 December 2020.</strong></p><p><strong>Able to work in Sabah (Sabahan with valid documents).</strong></p><p><strong>Please note that only short-listed candidates will be contacted for tests and interviews.</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Established in 1863, the ICRC operates worldwide, helping people affected by conflict and armed violence and promoting the laws that protect victims of war. An independent and neutral organization, its mandate stems essentially from the Geneva Conventions of 1949. We are based in Geneva, Switzerland, and employ over 18,000 people in over 90 countries. The ICRC is funded mainly by voluntary donations from governments and from National Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.</div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>The ICRC has worked for nearly 100 years in Asia, working from 12 delegations overseeing programmes in over 20 countries throughout the region.&#160; The Regional Delegation based in Kuala Lumpur covers activities and programmes in Malaysia, Singapore and Brunei.&#160;</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Sabah. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/health-project-coordinator-malaysian-red-crescent-society-sabah-4432493?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4432493&sectionRank=4&token=0~af1a4e09-d664-4585-867a-9356762ed83a&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 