---
title: "TENBY SCHOOLS PENANG Vacancies School Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-08 
excerpt: "TENBY SCHOOLS PENANG is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the School Nurse which positioned at Penang" 
tags: [Penang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>TENBY SCHOOLS PENANG is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>School Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Tenby Schools Penang are looking for a School Nurse to join their dynamic administration team. The successful candidate will be expected to provide a high standard of first aid care to students, faculty, staff and visitors while on campus in accordance with accepted principles of practice and established policies and procedures.</div><div><strong>Key Duties:</strong></div><ul><li>Determine whether a student needs to be excused or return to class when feeling unwell</li><li>Contact parents in a timely manner once a decision has been made to send a student home</li><li>Inform and advise parents when a referral to a GP or other professional is required.</li><li>Provide continuing care for pupils with chronic medical conditions in consultation with their medical advisors</li><li>Maintain accurate data on student&#8217;s medical conditions and allergies</li><li>Share findings with the Campus Principal in line with our Safeguarding policy</li><li>Provide a responsive &#8216;call out&#8217; service for all emergencies on campus and request emergency services where appropriate</li><li>Provide and maintain first aid kits on the school campus</li><li>Provide appropriate care plans, first aid kits and trip medication kits for field trips, adjusting contents according to grade level, activity and length of time away from campus.</li><li>To liaise with relevant regulatory bodies on issues pertaining to students&#8217; health, physical examinations (vision and hearing) and immunization in the School and maintain all documentations related to this.</li><li>Prepare care plans for students with medical conditions.</li><li>Help to organise talks and exhibitions on student health as and when required.</li><li>Prepare monthly reports on illness and accidents and ensure these are appropriately logged on the school&#8217;s Health and Safety platform.</li><li>Liaise with parents regarding the administering of medication</li></ul><div><div><strong>Who are Tenby Schools Penang?</strong></div><div>We are one of the biggest school groups in South East Asia with over 5000 students attending Tenby schools every day across Malaysia. We are part of the International Schools Partnership (ISP), a leading International Education company based in London with 46 schools across the world. We are part of a worldwide family with sister schools in Spain, UK, Mexico, Costa Rica, USA, Canada, Dubai and the UAE.</div><div>We have a proven track record of staff development and good quality teaching and learning. We are unique because we have a Private Malaysian school and an International School on the same campus and we are truly integrated.</div><div>Tenby Penang is one of the leading schools on the island of Penang. Find out more on our website (www.tenby.edu.my/penang) and our social media sites.</div><br><strong>Job Requirements:</strong><ul><li>Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Nursing or current practicing certificate with the Malaysian Board of Nursing or equivalent.</li><li>Minimum 2-3 years working experience post completion of nursing programme.</li><li>Enjoy working with children and able to support their emotional as well as physical needs</li><li>Previous working experience within an International School community would be advantageous</li><li>Excellent communication (written and verbal) in English</li><li>Knowledge of First Aid Response/Care practices.</li><li>Comfortable working with children from diverse cultural, linguistic backgrounds, and children with special needs.</li><li>Able to work autonomously.</li><li>Understand and respects the school&#8217;s lines of communication.</li><li>Good interpersonal skills and professional confidence.</li><li>Work well within a team and independently.</li><li>Friendly and caring disposition</li><li>Computer literate, excellent record keeping and good organisation skills are vital to this role.</li><li>Able to be at work from 7.30 am &#8211; 4.30 pm (Monday to Friday)</li></ul><strong>In helping you with your own learning journey, we will provide you with:</strong><ul><li>Continuous professional development</li><li>Guidance and mentoring (to help you reach your fullest potential and further develop your expertise and soft skills)</li><li>You will be surrounded by highly dedicated and helpful colleagues</li></ul><strong>How this career will benefit you?</strong><ul><li>You will have the exposure and opportunity to build your portfolio as a school nurse</li><li>Make a significant difference in the world by touching the lives of students.</li><li>Opportunity to work in a dynamic school setting where the wellbeing of students is our highest priority</li><li>Be part of a school that is focused on becoming the school of choice in Penang</li></ul><strong>How to Apply?</strong><ul><li>Interested applicants are required to upload cover letter together with your full curriculum vitae.</li></ul><div>For more information about Tenby Schools please visit our website at www.tenby.edu.my.</div><div><br><strong>Safer Recruitment</strong><br>The school is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All post holders are subject to appropriate vetting procedures and satisfactory Criminal Background Checks or equivalent covering the previous 10 years employment history.</div><div><strong>Safeguarding</strong><br>The school works with relevant agencies to establish and maintain systems to protect children. We are responsible for ensuring the welfare, health and well-being of all children and young people. We create a vigilant organisational culture which monitors and prioritises the safeguarding of children and young people above all considerations.</div><div><br>(Please check your Junk Folder for emails and add tenby.edu.my to your safe senders list. We thank all applicants for their expressed interest. However, only applicants short-listed for an interview will be notified.)</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Tenby Schools Penang is a member of the Tenby Schools group, a rapidly expanding group of integrated schools comprising an international and a Malaysian private school on most of our campuses.&#160; Having started in Ipoh, there are now also Tenby Schools in Penang, Setia Eco Park in Shah Alam, Setia Eco Gardens in Johor Bahru, Setia Ecohill in Semenyih and Tropicana Aman in Kota Kemuning.</div>
<div>
		Our vision is &#8220;A United World At Peace &#8211; Through Education&#8221; and is shared by all our schools.&#160; We are dedicated to bring together students from different cultures and nationalities and educate them to become the global citizens of the future &#8211;young people with respect for one another, confidence in themselves and the determination to become outstanding achievers.</div>
<div>
<strong>Tenby Schools Penang</strong> began life as a local kindergarten and a private school, with Tenby International school (TIS), Penang being established in 2007.&#160; In 2011, the school moved into its current location, a purpose-built campus conveniently located in Tanjung Bungah.&#160; The school complex is equipped with modern facilities, supported by a strong faculty of teaching staff.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Penang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/school-nurse-4438915?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4438915&sectionRank=14&token=0~36fee318-d726-4516-9aa5-850339418dae&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 