---
title: "DKSH Malaysia Sdn Bhd (internal only) Vacancies Executive, Patient Support" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-27 
excerpt: "DKSH Malaysia Sdn Bhd (internal only) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Executive, Patient Support which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>DKSH Malaysia Sdn Bhd (internal only) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Executive, Patient Support</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Summary</strong></div><div>This role work within the Patient Solution team and to provide supportive care to patients enrolled into our support programs. You will be working directly with various stakeholders including customer care service department, supply chain, regulatory affair, healthcare professionals including physicians, nurses and pharmacists on daily basis, ensuring patients access to medication.</div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>Enroll new patients and ensure that all appropriate information is obtained as well as log support and all interactions in the Patient Solution System on timely basis.</li><li>Provide guidance to patients throughout application process, including completion of required documents.</li><li>Follow up each case to ensure implementation of the program, including medication delivery status and document submission.</li><li>Assist in ensuring that programs are delivered within the appropriate service levels and standards including, but not limited to, case handling time, pre-defined protocols and confidentiality of patient data</li><li>Proactively sharing information to the appointed program leader to enhance the services to patients</li><li>Support Operation manager to prepare reports and monitor progress</li><li>Deliver any other duties as assigned by the Operations Manager</li><li>Provide emotional support, resource referral and basic disease information to patients if needed.</li><li>Hospital visits are required if there is any.</li><li>Conduct face-to-face meeting and maintain phone communication with patients, healthcare professionals and the involved stakeholders if needed.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Must possess diploma and above in Nursing, Social work, Public Health or relevant qualification.</li><li>Minimum 1 year of working experience in healthcare related field. Working in Patient Liaison / Customer service / Nursing department in Hospital will be an advantage.</li><li>Proficiency in using computer and phone as primary device to perform job duties.</li><li>Efficient communication with patients at all levels and healthcare professionals.</li><li>Strong organizational skills and detail-oriented in documentation and reporting</li><li>Patience and positive thinking</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>DKSH</strong> is the leading Market Expansion Services provider with a focus on Asia. The Group helps other companies and brands to grow in the Consumer Goods, Healthcare, Performance Materials and Technology sectors. DKSH&#8217;s portfolio of services includes sourcing, market insights, marketing and sales, distribution and logistics as well as after-sales services. Publicly listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Group operates in 35 markets with 33,000 specialists, generating net sales of CHF 11.3 billion in 2018. With its strong Swiss heritage and long business tradition since 1865, DKSH is deeply rooted in Asia Pacific.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/executive-patient-support-4428706?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4428706&sectionRank=26&token=0~bce3f2b1-7363-4390-a948-a873c5859343&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 