---
title: "ALLIED SEARCH PTE. LTD. Vacancies Occupational Therapy Assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-10-31 
excerpt: "ALLIED SEARCH PTE. LTD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Occupational Therapy Assistant which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>ALLIED SEARCH PTE. LTD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Occupational Therapy Assistant</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>&#1422; East / West location<br>&#1422; Geriatric settings<br>&#1422; Competitive remuneration package</div><div><strong>As an Occupational Therapy Assistant, you will be responsible for the following duties:</strong></div><div><br>&#8226; Assist the Occupational Therapist in the delivery of treatment<br>&#8226; Ensure level of quality patient care<br>&#8226; Educating patients and family members<br>&#8226; Set up of the necessary equipment<br>&#8226; Manage the inventory<br>&#8226; Assist in other administrative duties.</div><div><br><strong>Requirements:</strong><br><br>&#8226; Diploma in Occupational Therapy / Sports and Exercise / relevant field<br>&#8226; Excellent communication and interpersonal skill<br>&#8226; Possess 1-2 years of experience<br><br>To apply, simply click on the &#8216;&#8217;apply&#8217;&#8217; button in the job advertisement or alternatively, you can send in your resume via email<br><strong>Email Address: APPLY@ALLIEDSEARCH.COM.SG</strong><br><br>We regret to inform that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</div><strong>ALLIED SEARCH PTE. LTD.<br>EA LICENSE&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; : 19C9777</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>ALLIED SEARCH PTE. LTD is a leading recruitment firm focusing on permanent placements in the context of talent acquisition.</div><div>Human Capital is the biggest asset that every company need to excel in all businesses.<br>We strongly believe in the importance of every role and position has to play within a business function from assistant to management personnel.</div>&#160;<br>With a team of unmatched experience and specialized skills amongst our consultants, ALLIED SEARCH provides services at the intersection of people and network to deliver value to our clients in this challenging landscape of talent acquisition within a stipulated timeframe.</div><div>Aptitude<br>Our team of recruiters are equipped with industry knowledge and function specialty to deliver value to our clients in sourcing for the right aptitude in our clients&#8217; needs. We strongly believe in equipping our recruiters with the right skill sets and to be kept abreast of the latest updates in the industry and job role to be able to fulfil the needs of delivery of suitable, high-potential candidates to our clients.</div><div>Learning<br>Learning is a never-ending journey and we strongly believe in constantly learning from market professionals and refining our knowledge in the market so as to be able to help deliver innovative solutions in the staffing and search function. We focus on providing the best training to our consultants in delivering solutions to our clients.</div><div>Leading<br>We hope to be one of the leading recruitment firm with a team of passionate, dedicated recruiters across various industries.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/occupational-therapy-assistant-8174652/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8174652&sectionRank=22&token=0~f19ed627-9ef3-4d71-89d0-01e7ae1bc6be&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 