---
title: "Chr Hansen Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Regulatory Affairs Trainee" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-21 
excerpt: "Chr Hansen Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Regulatory Affairs Trainee which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Chr Hansen Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Regulatory Affairs Trainee</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Prepare, compile, support and track regulatory applications/dossiers/documentation for market access including statements for port clearance.</li><li>Coordinate the preparation of regulatory documents across various functions such as Quality, Microbial Analysis, Product Management, etc.</li><li>Maintain existing authorizations and ensure timely renewals.</li><li>Support Human health Sales team and key customers on all regulatory related queries including preliminary advice on country requirement.</li><li>Be part of projects including New Product Development, to ensure compliance and successful business expansions.</li><li>Ensure that all regulatory tasks are logged appropriately (Salesforce, share drive, database and more) and tracking can be done for midyear/ and full year reporting</li><li>Maintain and compile knowledge base of existing and emerging regulations, standards, or guidance documents relevant for Asia Pacific region</li><li>Familiarize and specialize in Asia Pacific regulations including Codex Alimentarius in the context of dietary supplements and Infant nutrition.</li><li>Monitor internal and external legislative changes and share of such information within business.</li><li>Actively seek to identify and minimize risks to the business, and alerting the Regulatory Manager</li><li>Undertake general duties or projects as required by the business and the Regulatory Affairs Manager</li></ul><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Candidate must possess min. Degree in Nutrition/Food Science/Pharmacy or relevant Life sciences</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Fresh graduates are encouraged to apply</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;1-2 years working experience in Regulatory Affairs is an added advantage</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Direct experience with probiotics is an added advantage</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;You are keen to learn new things and will take initiative</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Matured, well organized and able to work under pressure</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Proficient in verbal and written English</p><p>Good IT-skills (Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint)</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Let&#8217;s grow a better world. Naturally.&#160;We are a leading, global bioscience company that develops natural ingredient solutions for the food, nutritional, pharmaceutical and agricultural industries. Our natural solutions play an important role in creating a food system that is resilient and prepared to feed a growing population while also minimizing its adverse climate impact &#8211; ensuring greater sustainability from farm to fork.</p><p>Our product innovation is based on almost 40,000 microbial strains &#8211; we like to refer to them as &#8216;good bacteria&#8217;. Using our microbial platform, we are uniquely positioned to address some of society&#8217;s most pressing challenges such as climate change, food waste, global health and the overuse of antibiotics and pesticides.</p><p>Social responsibility is an integral part of Chr. Hansen&#8217;s quest to grow a better world naturally. We are a member of the United Nations Global Compact and work strategically with the UN Sustainable Development Goals, focusing on goals 2, 3 and 12 related to zero hunger, good health and responsible consumption and production. In fact, 82% of our revenue directly supports these goals. In a commitment to curb climate change and limit the global temperature rise to 1.5&#176;C, Chr. Hansen has also joined the UN &#8216;Business Ambition for 1.5&#176;C&#8217; initiative, pledging to set ambitious carbon emission reduction targets through the Science Based Targets initiative.</p><p>We are humbled and proud that Chr. Hansen has been recognized several times as a global sustainability leader. Chr. Hansen was ranked as the world&#8217;s most sustainable company by Corporate Knights in 2019, and we cemented our position in the world elite of the most sustainable companies by coming in second on the list in 2020. In 2019, Chr. Hansen was included on Fortune Magazine's Change the World List of 52 companies that are doing well by doing good.</p><p>Let&#8217;s grow a better world. Naturally.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/regulatory-affairs-trainee-4427672?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4427672&sectionRank=3&token=0~d4bb9e37-665f-4058-bf82-8b8c4498d30e&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 