---
title: "More Vacancies PHARMACIST" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-11 
excerpt: "More is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PHARMACIST which positioned at Kedah" 
tags: [Kedah] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>More is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PHARMACIST</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Pharmacy/Pharmacology or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Bahasa Malaysia, English, Mandarin</li><li>At least 1&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Non-Executive specialized in Healthcare - Pharmacy or equivalent.</li><li>To prescribed medication to patient and to ensure compliance with the Ministry' s law and regulation.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Putra Medical Centre, a fully equipped medical centre that boasts some of the regions best healthcare services, the latest medical equipments as well as intelligent yet practical facilities designed to provide revolutionary patient treatment and care.</div>
<div>The Putra Medical Centre (PMC) is always an eveready hospital to provide acute care and general medical/surgical hospital.Our mission is to deliver quality healthcare service comprehensively and consistently through continuous development in human resource and updating of technology.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kedah. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/pharmacist-4421986?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4421986&sectionRank=30&token=0~23551069-216d-4e3f-b539-3052bf689da7&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 