---
title: "People Profilers Pte Ltd Vacancies Clinic Nurse (Central / 5.5 days )" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-11 
excerpt: "People Profilers Pte Ltd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Clinic Nurse (Central / 5.5 days ) which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>People Profilers Pte Ltd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Clinic Nurse (Central / 5.5 days )</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>Responsible for Normal Operations of Medical Clinic, Registration of Patients, Dispensing of Medications.</li><li>To assist in giving injection and drawing bloods</li><li>Update all patient records</li><li>Performs appropriate treatments as ordered by physician in an accurate and timely manner</li><li>Maintains confidentiality in matters related to patient, family and client facility staff</li><li>Develop and maintain a filing system using computerize system</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidates with Diploma or Nitec in Nursing</li><li>Registered with SNB&#160;</li><li>Knowledge of office management systems and procedures</li><li>5.5 Days</li></ul><div><strong>Job ID:&#160; 8XW9WR</strong><br><br>All Successful candidates can expect a very competitive remuneration package and a comprehensive range of benefits.<br><br>Kindly email your resume in a detailed Word format to <strong>gesse.tan@peopleprofilers.com</strong></div><div><div><strong>We regret that only shortlisted candidates will be notified</strong><br>&#160;</div><div><strong>People Profilers Pte Ltd</strong><br>11 Collyer Quay, The Arcade, #13-01, Singapore 049317<br>Tel:&#160; 69509745</div><div>EA Licence Number: 02C4944<br>EA Registration Number: R1108448<br>EA Personnel: Tan Lili Gesse</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Since our humble beginnings in 2002, People Profilers has steadily grown from strength to strength. Our expertise in providing Human Capital consultancy to our clients &#8211; universally sought after skills and expertise in just about any sector&#8211; has allowed People Profilers to leave an imprint across various industries and build a reputation for competency and expertise.</div><div>What differentiates People Profilers from every other recruiter is our unwavering commitment to building relationships with our clients- understanding exactly what our clients are after, and allowing us to match their precise needs. We deliver human capital solutions that allow organisations and their employees to succeed.</div><div>Here at People Profilers, we pride ourselves on being a one-stop human capital solutions provider for your organisation. Our innovative and relationship-focused workforce solutions have been provided across a wide range of industries.</div></div><div><strong>Personal Data Protection Act</strong></div><div>Please be informed that the personal data you provided by way of your job application to People Profilers will be collected, used and disclosed by or on behalf of People Profilers to determine or investigate your suitability, eligibility or qualifications for employment with People Profilers and/or its&#8217; Clients and manage your application for employment with People Profilers and/or its&#8217; clients, including identifying you as a potential candidate for future suitable positions and/or notifying you of any such positions, either existing or in the future.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/clinic-nurse-central-5-5-days-8165478/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8165478&sectionRank=22&token=0~c85915ea-57c0-4550-ac5e-9643b1233679&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 