---
title: "Talent Switch Sdn Bhd Vacancies Medical Advisor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-18 
excerpt: "Talent Switch Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Medical Advisor which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Talent Switch Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Medical Advisor</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Summary:</strong></p><p>The incumbent is responsible for providing medical case direction to the Assistance Center team and to ensure adequate medical information is integrated with direction of the operations manager to provide highest quality of service to internal and external clients.</p><p><strong>Key responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Assess all medical related calls and provide prompt advise and recommendation to our clients and callers who call in to the assistance center.</li><li>Organise and supervise appropriate professional medical assistance for IntlSOS clients. This includes obtaining medical reports, organising referrals, monitoring the patient's conditions, recommending appropriate means of evacuation and monitoring the progress of a medical transport.</li><li>Conduct site surveys, medical audits and write report as per Company's specifications.</li><li>Support in the review and implementation of all Emergency Procedures (EP) for Medical Services' sites in Malaysia.</li><li>Act as a medical escort when required for appropriate medical cases.&#160;</li><li>Provide advice on Occupational Health Preliminary Risk Assessment (OHPRA) and Occupational Health Risk Assessment (OHRA).</li><li>To conduct trainings and talk focusing on Health related topics upon request (advance notice will be given).</li><li>Support incident investigations related to the Department of Occupational Health &amp; Safety (DOSH),</li></ul><p><strong>Key requirements:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Candidate must possess at least a Medical Degree.</strong></li><li><strong>Must be&#160;a&#160;registered medical practitioner with the Malaysian Medical Council and a has an up to date Annual Practicing Certificate.</strong></li><li><strong>AME (Approved Medical Examiner) candidate</strong></li><li><strong>Minimum&#160;7 year(s) of working experience post housemanship in the general practice with recent 3 years in accident &amp; emergency unit.</strong></li><li><strong>Willing to work on shift rotation basis.&#160;</strong></li><li><strong>Occupational Health Doctor registered with Department of Occupational Safety Health (OHD)</strong></li><li>With a certification in ACLS, ATLS or qualification in Occupational Safety &amp; Health is an added advantage.</li><li>Preferably candidate with medical experience in a corporate sector environment.</li><li>Ability to relate well through phone to all level of clients/patients.</li><li>Ability to work under tight&#160;timelines and make appropriate medical decision.</li><li>A team player and ability to collaborate with internal&#160;stakeholders at various department.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>We explore the issues with a broad knowledge and understand of HR and talent point of views with a switch mindset of looking into every aspect of the situation. We offer you end to end talent management solutions.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/medical-advisor-4425741?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4425741&sectionRank=6&token=0~0a32de8f-f2cf-4a2d-8068-5260403b1c7b&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 