---
title: "HKM HR Management Pte. Ltd. Vacancies Occupational Therapists" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-28 
excerpt: "HKM HR Management Pte. Ltd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Occupational Therapists which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>HKM HR Management Pte. Ltd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Occupational Therapists</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Occupational Therapists &amp; Physiotherapists (Nursing Homes - 5 Openings)<br>Junior S$2000 to S$3000<br>Senior S$3000 to S$6000</strong></div><div><strong>Candidates must agree to pay for hotel stay and swap test.</strong></div><div>Our client is one of the most established Community Health Care provider in this Industry and have various working locations.</div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong><br>&#8226; Provide professional, quality geriatric and neurological occupational therapy or physiotherap<br>&#8226; Create, plan and implement individual treatment programmes for patients<br>&#8226; Ensure quality in practices and services rendered Participate in patients&#8217; case consultations and meetings<br>&#8226; Opportunities to participate in clinical research and projects<br>&#8226; Supervise therapy aides and provide in-service education for staff, caregivers and students on clinical attachments</div><div><strong>Requirements</strong><br>&#8226; Degree or Diploma in Occupational Therapy or Physiotherapy (recognised by Allied Health Professions Council)<br>&#8226; Good interpersonal and communication skills<br>&#8226; Possess good clinical knowledge<br>&#8226; Those with relevant years of experience may be considered for a senior position</div><div><br><strong>Please provide below information:</strong><br>1. Recent Photo<br>2. Qualification detail<br>2. Reasons and salary for leaving ALL your employment<br>3. Current and/ or last drawn monthly salary<br>4. Expected monthly salary<br>5. Availability</div><div>DO NOT EMAIL PDF CV.&#160; Please check before you email.<br>Email your CV in <strong>Words Doc </strong>to: <strong>hui@hkmsvs.com</strong></div><div><strong>*By submitting any application or resume/CV to us, you will be deemed to have agreed and consented to us collecting, using, retaining and disclosing your personal information to prospective employers for their consideration.</strong></div><div>Siew Thuay Lim (Hui)<br>Registration Number: R1442808<br>EA Licence Number: 03C5391</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>HKM HR Management, founded in 1996, is a leading recruiter and executive search company in Singapore. We provide a full range of human capital solutions to SMEs and MNCs across all industries as well as offer exciting job opportunities to job seekers.<br><br>Our team of dedicated recruitment professionals serves a varied clientele from industries such as Semi-conductors, Oil &amp; Gas, Maritime, Supply Chain Management, Automotive, Aerospace, Pharmaceutical, Financial Institutions, Services, Government/Defence and IT.</div><div><div>~~&#160;&#160; Visit <strong>http://www.hkmhr.com/job </strong>for Latest jobs opening&#160;&#160; ~~&#160;</div><div><b>Main&#160;Office : Blk 134, Jurong Gateway Road I #02-307C | Singapore 600134</b><br>&#160;</div></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/occupational-therapists-8266759/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8266759&sectionRank=25&token=0~84b3b92f-fe39-4c9a-a123-79e7e5cc63e6&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 