---
title: "MiCare Sdn Bhd (a member of Zuellig Pharma Group) Vacancies Customer Service Executive (GL Assessment - Insurance)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-14 
excerpt: "MiCare Sdn Bhd (a member of Zuellig Pharma Group) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Customer Service Executive (GL Assessment - Insurance) which positioned at Shah Alam/Subang" 
tags: [Shah Alam/Subang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MiCare Sdn Bhd (a member of Zuellig Pharma Group) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Customer Service Executive (GL Assessment - Insurance)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><div><br>&#8226; Assess the Admission / Discharge case accordance to the Insurance&#8217;s policy terms and conditions.<br>&#8226; Ensure all the documents received are complete with info that required for Guarantee Letter (GL) issuance.<br>&#8226; Issue GL for the requests coming in via E-fax, dedicated e-mail from client and phone calls.<br>&#8226; Follow up with hospital on documents (breakdown bill, dosage of medication&#8230;etc) / reports for those incomplete documents cases.<br>&#8226; Calling hospital to confirm received on the Outpatient (OP) GL.<br>&#8226; Follow up with the sender if the documents received were incomplete.<br>&#8226; Result orientated with sense of urgency, co cooperativeness &amp; eagerness in ensuring efficient teamwork in delivering excellent services to clientele.<br>&#8226; Responding to email enquiry received pertaining to admission and discharge.</div><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><div><br>&#8226; Diploma/Degree holders with <strong>2 to 3 years working experience in Third Party Administration (TPA) / Insurance Industry (H&amp;S) / Medical / Hospital. Candidate with knowledge in GHS / handling GL issuance is added advantage</strong>.<br>&#8226; Good communication skills.<br>&#8226; Good computer skills and meticulous with details.<br>&#8226; Must be able to read and write English &amp; Bahasa Malaysia due to clientele portfolio.<br>&#8226; Has a pleasant disposition and clear intonation over the telephone.<br>&#8226; Able to work in fast paced environment, independent, customer focused, result oriented &amp; disciplined.<br>&#8226; <strong>Willingness to work on shift / work as / when required.</strong><br>&#8226; Possess own transport.</div><div>Attractive employees' benefits and remuneration package will be offered to successful candidate.</div><div><br>Salary range from <strong>RM 1,800&#160;to RM 2,800 </strong>based on experience and background. <strong>Shift allowance and overtime is provided.</strong></div></div><div>Candidates are required to apply online and only shortlisted for interview will be contacted.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>MiCare Sdn Bhd</strong> (formerly known as Metronic iCares Sdn Bhd), a member of Zuellig Pharma Group was incorporated with the objective to help corporations, insurance companies and employers to control escalating costs of healthcare and at the same time promote health management through various health promotion programs and health education.</div>
<div>
<strong>MiCare Sdn Bhd</strong> is Malaysia leading Third Party Administrator (a member of Zuellig Pharma Group). We believe that the extensive resources of Zuellig Pharma will complement our core TPA services for insurers and employers and will position us for further expansion into other services to improve patient outcomes while managing the rising cost of healthcare.&#160; With the support of our parent company, MiCare aims to expand our range of services to clients in Malaysia as well as regionally across Asia.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Shah Alam/Subang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/customer-service-executive-gl-assessment-insurance-4439817?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4439817&sectionRank=25&token=0~3c823f7f-9511-4aac-a670-438e490fece2&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 