---
title: "Regency Specialist Hospital Sdn Bhd Vacancies Cardiovascular Technician, Invasive Cath Lab" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-19 
excerpt: "Regency Specialist Hospital Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Cardiovascular Technician, Invasive Cath Lab which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Regency Specialist Hospital Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Cardiovascular Technician, Invasive Cath Lab</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Job Description</strong></div><div><br><strong>Job Summary</strong></div><ul><li>The Cardiovascular Technologist delivers safe and quality patient care and is accountable for the outcomes of patients assigned under his/her care. He/she works collaboratively with the nursing staff, physicians and other members of the healthcare team to accomplish patients&#8217; needs and achieve positive outcomes in line with the hospital/nursing vision, mission, values and objectives. In addition, he/she practices within the realm of the profession&#8217;s ethical and legal frameworks whilst adhering to the hospital&#8217;s guidelines, policies and procedures.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Duties &amp; Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>Assist the cardiologist to perform echocardiogram procedure.</li><li>To interpret the echocardiogram and send to cardiologist for review.</li><li>Assists on other procedures both diagnostic and interventional in nature like angioplasties, implant pacemakers and diagnoses cardiac condition.</li><li>Provides professional care in cardiac catheterization laboratory within established standards and practice.</li><li>Manage and communicate with the team regarding pre-procedure patient preparation.</li><li>Demonstrate a basic understanding of radiological safety, techniques and X-ray equipment to be able to perform the task well.</li><li>Under direct supervision of Cardiologist, prepare patient and operates hemodynamic monitoring and electrophysiology equipment during diagnostic and interventional procedures.</li><li>Prepare patient and assist cardiologist during Non-Invasive Cath Lab procedure such as treadmill, Echocardiogram and Holter.</li><li>Scan and interpret Holter/ event monitor and send to Cardiologist for review.</li><li>To manage and operate equipment in ICL such as Intra-Aortic Balloon Pump (IABP), IVUS and Rotablator.</li></ul><div><strong>General / Other Duties</strong></div><ul><li>Make sure the ICL/ Non-Invasive Cath Lab supplies is sufficient, well organized and following FEFO.</li><li>Make sure the ICL/Non-Invasive Cath Lab equipment is properly maintained.</li><li>To acknowledge the responsibility/ accountability for call coverage and weekly hours worked.</li><li>Delegate or performs pottering roe; accompany or transport patients for their treatment/ investigation appointments to/ from relevant department where required.</li><li>Delegate or performs dispatch role, transport, collect medications, lab specimens, documents or equipment etc. from/ to various departments in the hospital such as Pharmacy, Central Store or Administrative Office etc. where required.</li><li>Adheres to safety and infection control practices and standards; keep work environment clean and tidy.</li><li>Assists unit Nursing Manager to keep tab of supplies/ stock and functioning of equipment and facilities.</li><li>Escalates matters/ issues requiring attention to unit Nursing Manager/ Nursing Coordinator or to a senior nursing staff member.</li><li>Acts as a resource person for staff to seek information and support.</li><li>Participate in unit quality improvement, meetings and continuing nursing education activities.</li><li>Participate and assists in hospital emergencies, code activations or when deployed to another unit/ ward.</li><li>Assists and guide the work of junior SRN, EN, PCA and other new members of the nursing staff team where required.</li><li>Partake in community outreach activities or public talks; be active members of specific committee, task or project work group.</li><li>Maintain confidentiality of patient, staff and hospital information; uphold integrity/ observe sensitivity of information; share only with those authorized.</li><li>Keep current with skills and knowledge by attending relevant trainings, workshop, talks, seminars or conferences for professional growth and development.</li></ul></div><div><div><strong>Requirement</strong></div><ul><li>Diploma in Cardiovascular Technology</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Regency Specialist Hospital (Regency) is a licensed 218-bed private tertiary care hospital providing a comprehensive range of medical and surgical services. Regency is the sister hospital of Mahkota Medical Centre in Malacca, a leading tertiary care hospital in Malaysia.</div>
<div>
		At Regency, patients are at the centre of what we do. Our team of experienced doctors and healthcare professionals deliver quality healthcare with warmth and passion.</div>
<div>
		Located in the eastern part of Iskandar Malaysia, in the growing township of Seri Alam, Masai, Johor, Regency is poised to provide premier healthcare services to the local community and the region.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/cardiovascular-technician-invasive-cath-lab-4447038?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4447038&sectionRank=6&token=0~c08d996c-0ac6-4e24-8923-12e2c3d71036&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 