---
title: "Osso Bone Care Chiropractic Vacancies CHIROPRACTOR  (DC)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-31 
excerpt: "Osso Bone Care Chiropractic is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the CHIROPRACTOR  (DC) which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Osso Bone Care Chiropractic is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>CHIROPRACTOR  (DC)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Greetings to all Doctors of Chiropractic (DC),</p><p><strong>Osso Bone Care Chiropractic Chiropractic</strong> is now expanding into an even bigger team!</p><p>We are looking for a energetic, passionate, and dedicated <strong>Doctor of Chiropractic (DC)</strong> with positive attitudes who would like to build their practices alongside a team of highly succesful and experienced team.</p><p><strong>Osso Bone Care</strong> has been operating since the year 2007 and currently we run two professional centres, one in Kuchai Lama and the other one in Cheras, Alam Damai well with systems and staff in place to handle everything from A-Z. We perform quality online and offline marketing research, management and as well as comprehensive report findings for you so that you can focus on adjusting patients whilst being an AWESOME DOCTOR!</p><p>Are you tech savy? We have spent significant time and money getting latest technologies. We practice paperless concept to support Go Green, we use tablets to record daily patients' data, diagrams and as well acting as a bridge communication between you and practitioners to accomplish a modern medical practice and also to facialitate smooth operation system.</p><p>Our centres are designed with a modern approach and offers exclusive environment to provide utmost comfort for our patients.</p><p><strong>Right now we are looking for a Doctor of&#160;Chiropractic (DC) with the following criteria:</strong>&#160;&#160;</p><ul><li>Candidates must Earn a Bachelor's Degree in Chiropractic.</li><li>Experienced D.C w/ minimum 1 years experience (Fresh Grads are welcome to apply as well)</li><li>You must be professional!</li><li>You must be a Good Adjuster!</li><li>Possitive, passionate, learning attitude is a must!</li><li>You must want to succeed!</li></ul><p><strong>What we can offer:</strong></p><ul><li>Opportunity to work with experienced and disciplined team in the industry and a steep learning path</li><li>Huge career advancement and growth</li><li>Intensive training program</li><li>Opportunity to learn various adjustment techniques</li><li>Opportunity for further hard skills enhancement</li><li>Five (5) Days work</li><li>EPF &amp; SOCSO</li><li>Annual Leave &amp; Medical Leave</li></ul><p>A Great Place to Build and Grow your Practice!</p><p>So, do you want to be paid well based upon your hard work along with your team?</p><p>This is the place to be!</p><p>Interested Candidates please call <strong>03 79713632</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Osso Bone Care has been operating since 2007 and we&#8217;ve successfully served and treated more than 35,000 patients to date. We have been recognized as one of the Best 17 Chiropractors in Kuala Lumpur  by Trusted Malaysia in year 2020.We are proud to say that we are one of the first few pioneers in this field and we are always ready to deliver the result with passion.</p><p>We are 1st in Malaysia offering manual Osso Flexion Distraction Adjustment Technique &#174; which involves using a specialized table that simultaneously stretches and flexes the spine of a patient in a gentle cyclic motion to reduce the pressure in the spinal disc and restore the adjustment of the spinal disc.</p><p>We pride ourselves by also offering the unique 3D Spinal Decompression Therapy to our patients which is a non-surgical technology that is safe and pain-free. This therapy can help our patients on thickening and healing of the disc. It can also pump nutrients, blood and oxygen into the disc to release the waste and pressure off the pinched nerve.</p><p>More videos and Information at our website and facebook page</p><p>Website : www.osso.com.my</p><p>Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/ossobonecare</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/chiropractor-dc-4448498?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4448498&sectionRank=25&token=0~758820c0-3589-47b9-9ba3-cdcb6532ecb7&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 