---
title: "Capita Pte Ltd - Healthcare Vacancies Assistant/Nurse Manager (Emergency; Based in Singapore) (ID: 475312)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-01 
excerpt: "Capita Pte Ltd - Healthcare is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant/Nurse Manager (Emergency; Based in Singapore) (ID: 475312) which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Capita Pte Ltd - Healthcare is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant/Nurse Manager (Emergency; Based in Singapore) (ID: 475312)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><div><br>&#8226; Perform management<br>&#8226; Overseeing emergency nurses<br>&#8226; Planning of staff schedule<br>&#8226; Communicate unit nursing standards, policies and procedures<br>&#8226; Ensure accurate understanding of clinical team<br>&#8226; Review and implement relevant nursing policies and procedures<br>&#8226; Foster strong relationship with nursing team, patients and public<br>&#8226; Provide professional advice in nursing practice expertise<br>&#8226; Implement proper discharge planning<br>&#8226; Act as a mentor in proficiency of clinical nursing<br>&#8226; Assessing of nurses competencies<br>&#8226; Any ad-hoc duties assigned</div><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><div><br>&#8226; At least Diploma in Nursing<br>&#8226; Possess an Advanced Diploma / Post Basic / in related discipline / Degree will be an advantage<br>&#8226; Preferably with 2 to 4 years&#8217; leadership experience<br>&#8226; Able to commit to shift duties</div><div>Interested candidates who wish to apply for the advertised position, please email us an updated copy of your resume or contact our office at +65 6709 3505 for a confidential discussion.</div><div>We regret to inform that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</div><div>Job Code: JIE</div><div>mail Address: nursing@capitasingapore.com<br>EA License No.: 08C2893</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Founded in 2007 in Singapore, Capita Staffing &amp; Search is a premium recruitment expert and staffing provider for international companies in Singapore and across Asia.</div><div>Encompassing local and international placements, contract and temporary staffing, outplacement as well as payroll services across all industry sectors, Capita&#8217;s highly personalised service ensures that its clients find the right talent to meet their human resource needs.</div><div><br>Capita&#8217;s service offering is split into corporate and specialised divisions. While the corporate division comprises the business support and outsourcing practices that focus on permanent, contract and temporary positions, the specialised division has a focus on the engineering, banking and finance as well as technology industries. With more companies requiring candidates for specialist functions as well as talent with generalist capabilities in an increasingly competitive business environment, these divisions ensure that clients work with industry-focused consultants with specific expertise to match their talent management needs.</div><div>In 2012, Capita Staffing &amp; Search expanded its footprint in Asia, opening an office in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia to better serve regional clients.</div><div><br>Capita Staffing &amp; Search has been recognised as one of the preferred HR Vendors of the Year for six consecutive years since 2010. In addition, we have also been honoured with the Enterprise 50 award in 2012 as well as the Recruitment Agency of the Year Silver Award (Asia Recruitment Awards, 2015).<br>&#160;</div><div>More information about Capita Staffing &amp; Search is available at www.capitagrp.com and www.facebook.com/capitagrp.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-nurse-manager-emergency;-based-in-singapore-id:-475312-8198282/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8198282&sectionRank=26&token=0~b99802c8-d14a-4444-adc8-75c4e2b51862&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 