---
title: "Imperial Education (Ipoh) Sdn Bhd Vacancies School Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-28 
excerpt: "Imperial Education (Ipoh) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the School Nurse which positioned at Ipoh" 
tags: [Ipoh] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Imperial Education (Ipoh) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>School Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Generalist case management and nursing care within school sick bay.</li><li>Provide appropriate healthcare to students and staff.</li><li>Promoting optimum level of wellness among students and staff by providing preventive healthcare services.</li><li>Provide medical paperwork and managing files.</li><li>Provide emergency response on the sports field and school events.</li><li>Checking, recording and maintenance of medical stocks and supplies.</li><li>Promoting health and wellness activities.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Nursing or its equivalent</li><li>Fluent in English, both written and spoken is a MUST</li><li>At least 3 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Junior Executive specialized in Education industry or equivalent.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Imperial International School, Ipoh&#160;is the first of the newly established Imperial Education Group of schools. The Group has two other campuses in Subang Jaya and Subang 2 for their Klang Valley outfit and the first in Ipoh, Perak, opening in January 2020. The purpose-built school buildings and facilities will be ready and accept more than 1,000 students in 2020.&#160;</p><p>Our facilities of the school include air-conditioned classrooms, 4-D immersive learning facilities, Wi-Fi connectivity, resource centre and library, ICT lab, music and performing arts studio, art room, multi-purpose hall, basketball courts, badminton courts, auditorium, swimming pool, futsal pitch, science laboratories, cafeteria, little chef laboratories, medical bay, 24-hour gated and guarded perimeters and other future expansions.&#160;</p><p>We are affiliated to our sister school, Peninsula International School Australia, Malaysia campus, where the educational leadership is provided by the prestigious top-tiered Peninsula Grammer School in Melbourne, Australia.&#160;</p><p>The Imperial International School's curriculum is based on the prestigious International Primary Curriculum and the Cambridge International Curriculum leading to IGCSE examinations and the Cambridge A-Levels. Our teachers receive on-going training to ensure they are kept abreast of the latest teaching and learning pedagogies. The Imperial Education Group provides our students with a global launchpad, securing their pathways to tertiary education, both locally and abroad, including UK, Australia and USA.&#160;</p><p>Our students can develop a highly level of fluency in English and a strong understanding of western education system. This ensures that they are well prepared for study at western universities in the future.&#160;&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Ipoh. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/school-nurse-4451599?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4451599&sectionRank=12&token=0~84b3b92f-fe39-4c9a-a123-79e7e5cc63e6&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 