---
title: "LAC MEDICAL SUPPLIES SDN BHD Vacancies Sales Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-01 
excerpt: "LAC MEDICAL SUPPLIES SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Sales Executive which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>LAC MEDICAL SUPPLIES SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Sales Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>Build business and relationship by identifying prospects; promoting, educating, selling medical devices, consumables products and medical equipment.</li><li>Preferable with experience, good connections, close rapport with Cardiologist will be added advantage.</li><li>Must be able to accept challenges, work independently with the level of maturity, creative, flexible, willing to learn, positive attitude and ready to accept any product portfolio given.</li><li>Maintains relationships with clients by providing support, information, feedback and guidance.</li><li>Recommending new opportunities and products for profit and service improvements.</li><li>Responsible in handling consignment stocks, stocks balance, inventory for all types of medical devices, consumables, medical equipment.</li><li>Help to manage and planning stocks levels to ensure sufficient supply, stock balance and replenishment in proper order in high level of accuracy.</li><li>Coordinate and responsible for various departments and authorities on documentations, stocks, consignments, delivery order, purchase order, invoices, payment collections, returns stocks, transfer stocks and etc.</li><li>Prepares reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information to Sales Manager.</li><li>Personality on continuing establishing contact and developing relationships with prospects; recommending solutions and sales supports.</li><li>Report and identifies business opportunities by identifying prospects and evaluating their position in the industry;</li><li>Researching and analyzing sales options. Identifies product improvements or new products by remaining current on industry trends, market activities, and competitors.</li><li>Maintains quality service by establishing and enforcing organization standards.</li><li>Maintains professional and technical knowledge by coordinating, attending educational workshops, conferences; reviewing professional publications; participating in professional societies, demo, loan and logistic.</li><li>Establishing personal networks; benchmarking state-of-the-art practices.</li><li>Continuing observes, establishes and opens new accounts on any products assigned.</li><li>Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed; qualitative and qualitative.</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advance/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor&#8217;s Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Business Studies/Administration/Management, Marketing or equivalent.</li><li>Preferable with a clinical healthcare background.</li><li>At least 2-3 years of working experience in the Healthcare industry.</li><li>Excellent communication and presentation skills with good command of English.</li><li>Self-starter, team player, and able to build &amp; maintain strong customer relationships.</li><li>Must be energetic, good personality, enthusiastic, determined, and goal-oriented.</li><li>Possess own transport. Willing to travel whenever required locally and outstations.</li><li>Fresh graduates are encouraged to apply.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		We are a distributor for a global leader in medical imaging diagnostics. In line with our aggressive expansion, we are seeking young, energetic, dynamic and self motivated sales personnel to fulfil these vacancies in our company, based in Kelana Jaya.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-executive-4416602?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4416602&sectionRank=3&token=0~b99802c8-d14a-4444-adc8-75c4e2b51862&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 