---
title: "Regency Specialist Hospital Sdn Bhd Vacancies Occupational Therapist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-12 
excerpt: "Regency Specialist Hospital Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Occupational Therapist which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Regency Specialist Hospital Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Occupational Therapist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB DESCRIPTION</strong></div><div><br><strong>1.0 OBJECTIVE</strong></div><div><ul><li>To ensure that the Occupational Therapist understand His/ Hers role in respective entity.<br>&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>2.0 RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div></div><ul><li>To report daily to Head of Department.</li><li>To undertake and record a through, sensitive and detailed assessment using appropriate technique and equipment.<br>To be professionally and legally accountable for all aspects of own work, including the management of patient.</li><li>To provide appropriate advice based on the patient&#8217;s medical social and cultural circumstances.</li><li>To formulate and deliver individual physiotherapy treatment programs and group exercise/ education program using clinical assessment and reasoning skills and evidence based information and protocols.</li><li>To formulate progress plans with their enabling them to achieve treatment goals and targets.</li><li>To take delegated responsibility from senior Head Of Department for managing particular patients within each rotation.</li><li>Initiate continuous quality activities in patient care within the department.</li><li>Assess patient&#8217;s understanding of treatment proposal, gain valid informed consent and have the capacity to work within a legal framework with patient who lack of capacity to consent to treatment.</li><li>Use a range of verbal and nonverbal communications methods to progress rehabilitation and treatment programmes. This will include patients who may have difficulties in understanding and communicating, e.g dysphasic, deaf, and blind, language barrier.</li><li>To be responsible for maintaining accurate, comprehensive, contemporaneous patient records in line with standards of practice and policies.</li><li>To liaise with outside agencies e.g. suppliers, social service, voluntary services and etc.</li><li>To assist in the supervision, training and development of support staff as appropriate.</li><li>Participate in the staff appraisal scheme as an appraise and be responsibility for complying with agreed personal developmental programme to meet set knowledge and competencies.</li><li>To comply with professional codes of practices, departmental and trust policies procedures and guidelines including health and safety requirements.</li><li>The jobholder must co-operate with all quality procedures designed by Head Of Department and Regency Specialist Hospital to ensure quality.</li><li>Co-workers, patients and all visitors must be treated equally irrespective of gender, ethnic origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, religion and etc.</li><li>The jobholder should respect patient confidentiality at all times and not divulge patient information unless sanctioned by the requirement of the role.</li><li>Should be available to provide on-call cover as required.</li><li>Any other duties/projects that may be assigned by immediate superior as and when required.<br>&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>3.0 POSITION SUMMARY</strong><ul><li>Upholds RSH Philosophy and objectives.</li><li>Adheres to all hospital policies and physiotherapy code of conduct.</li><li>To assist in the supervision, training and development of Physio aide.</li><li>Keeps stock of all medical supplies and items, indent when stock is low.</li><li>Treat a range of physical problems resulting from illness injury, disability or ageing.</li><li>Devise and review the treatment programme.</li><li>Treat people of all ages and assist the rehabilitation process by developing and restoring body system and enabling patients to improve their function.</li><li>Offer people advice on how to avoid injuries and promote their own future health well-being.</li></ul><div><strong>4.0 POSITION ACCOUNTABILITY</strong></div><ul><li>To report daily to the Head Of Department.</li><li>To ensure cleanliness of the department.</li><li>Ability to work with all level of staffs.</li></ul><div><strong>5.0 QUALIFICATION</strong></div><ul><li>Diploma or Degree in Occupational Therapist.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Regency Specialist Hospital (Regency) is a licensed 218-bed private tertiary care hospital providing a comprehensive range of medical and surgical services. Regency is the sister hospital of Mahkota Medical Centre in Malacca, a leading tertiary care hospital in Malaysia.</div>
<div>
		At Regency, patients are at the centre of what we do. Our team of experienced doctors and healthcare professionals deliver quality healthcare with warmth and passion.</div>
<div>
		Located in the eastern part of Iskandar Malaysia, in the growing township of Seri Alam, Masai, Johor, Regency is poised to provide premier healthcare services to the local community and the region.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/occupational-therapist-4421886?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4421886&sectionRank=29&token=0~e36f5a4f-97f0-4a91-8e90-cc207eb77f24&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 