---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan Hays (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Regulatory Affairs Manager (Europe Market, Pharma)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-23 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan Hays (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Regulatory Affairs Manager (Europe Market, Pharma) which positioned at Ipoh" 
tags: [Ipoh] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan Hays (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Regulatory Affairs Manager (Europe Market, Pharma)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>A Regional Regulatory Affairs (Europe Market) position from a global leading Pharmaceutical company<br><br><strong>Your new company</strong><br>Our client holds a premier position within the pharmaceutics/healthcare industry. With a brand that is recognised worldwide and strong presence in Malaysia and worldwide. They have excellent reputation for providing rich legacy of innovation and a robust pipeline of promising new medicines/OTC to help patients.<br><br><strong>Your new role</strong><br>Under the Regulatory Affairs division, you will participate in preparing registration dossier targeting the Europe market and reporting to the Head of Regulatory Affairs, this position will be responsible for:</p><ul><li>Developing and executing regulatory strategies associated with the launch of a new portfolio for Europe market.</li><li>Assist in registration summation for ethical drugs in the Europe market</li><li>Keep up to date with any new directive or notice issued by NPRA (National Pharmaceutical Regulatory Agency) and EMA (European Medical Agency)</li><li>You will work closely with the medical and marketing team to ensure continued growth and market penetration.</li></ul><p><br><strong>What you'll need to succeed</strong><br>To qualify, you will possess a scientific degree (BSc, MSc,):</p><ul><li>With 5+ years of regulatory experience in pharmaceutical/supplement company.</li><li>Knowledge in registering pharmaceutical products for Europe market is a must</li><li>Good written and communications skills</li><li>Knowledge on drug product registration</li></ul><p><br><strong>What you'll get in return</strong><br>We offer exciting job exposure in product registration. In keeping with such an opportunity a highly attractive remuneration package is available to the successful candidate.<br><br><strong>What you need to do now</strong><br>If you are interested in the above opportunity, please forward your latest resume to Angela.Fung@hays.com.my or contact Angela at +603 7611 8679 for more information. If this role isn't quite right for you but you are looking to explore new opportunities in the life science sector, please contact Angela for a confidential discussion about your options</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div>At Hays, we believe the right job can transform a person's life and right person can transform a business. We're passionate about connecting our candidates with the right job for them. To connect with a recruiting expert at Hays, visit us at www.hays.com.sg or follow Hays on LinkedIn - The #1 Recruiter on LinkedIn globally.</div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Ipoh. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/regulatory-affairs-manager-europe-market-pharma-4449017?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4449017&sectionRank=5&token=0~aa52f537-14f1-45db-bcaa-0d4f90a9f5f3&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 