---
title: "Pantai Hospital Batu Pahat (A branch of Pantai Medical Centre Sdn Bhd) Vacancies DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF NURSING" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-18 
excerpt: "Pantai Hospital Batu Pahat (A branch of Pantai Medical Centre Sdn Bhd) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF NURSING which positioned at Batu Pahat" 
tags: [Batu Pahat] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Pantai Hospital Batu Pahat (A branch of Pantai Medical Centre Sdn Bhd) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF NURSING</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Administrative Duties and Responsibilities</strong></p><p>1. Maintain and uphold the discipline and standards of the nursing team.&#160;</p><p>2. Ensure number of nursing staff meet the level of acuity of the hospital census.</p><p>3. Ensure duties assigned to all nursing personnel are consistent with their education, experience, licensure and/or certification.&#160;</p><p>4. Ensure policies and procedures are in place.</p><p>5. Develop positive employee relations, incentives and recognition programmes. Promote teamwork, mutual respect, effective communication and build trust culture</p><p>6. Develop realistic management plans that reflect the strategic direction and performance objectives of the nursing services and organization.</p><p>7. Function as a mediator and resource person across departmental lines.</p><p>8. Recommend and ensure adequate equipment is available and safe for use throughout the nursing units.&#160;</p><p>9. Attend or conduct regular meetings to update clinical and management related issues to the nursing and management teams.&#160;</p><p>10. Support and promote the hospital services as and when required.</p><p><strong>MOH, Nursing Board and Local Authorities&#8217; Guidelines</strong></p><p>1. Ensure that the Malaysian Nursing Board, MOH guidelines and Local Authorities guidelines are consistently adhered to.</p><p><strong>Clinical Duties and Responsibilities</strong></p><p>1. Resolve nursing issues, ensure smooth uninterrupted nursing operations.</p><p>2. Report any significant issues related to patient safety and care to Medical Director/PIC/CEO/COO (where applicable).</p><p>3. Review infection control surveillance reports to identify trends and to develop effective actions to control and prevent infections in collaboration with Infection Control Team</p><p><strong>Nursing Risks Management and Quality Improvement</strong></p><p>1. Demonstrate knowledge of, and application of Key Clinical Quality Indicators; proactively monitor and implement systems to achieve and/or surpass company thresholds.</p><p>2. Ensure that the clinical incidences are reported, and appropriate actions are taken.</p><p>3. Develop annual departmental goals and objectives and monitor the outcomes.</p><p>4. Develop, direct and supervise Nursing Leaders in the preparation, documentation and implementation of accreditation initiatives.</p><p><strong>Nursing Staff Development</strong>&#160;</p><p>1. Oversee and guide the staff development programmes to meet the required standards.&#160;&#160;</p><p>2. Encourage and promote optimal learning environment for all nurses.&#160;</p><p>3. Support all nursing staff orientation, on-job training and competency skill development programmes.</p><p>4. Direct and participate in teaching and learning to enhance the concepts of leadership among the nursing teams.</p><p>5. Develop the clinical skills of nursing staff and ensure that nursing staff are privileged on specialised procedures.</p><p>6. Remain up to date with clinical and managerial developments in health care.&#160;</p><p>**To undertake any other duties as delegated by the immediate superior.</p><p><strong>QUALIFICATION &amp; EXPERIENCE :</strong></p><ul><li>At least 15&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Required Skill(s): Valid Annual Practising Certificate</li><li>Preferably Senior Manager specialized in Healthcare - Nurse/Medical Support &amp; Assistant or equivalent.</li><li>Registered Nurse (RN) as recognized by the Nursing Board of Malaysia.</li><li>Post Basic Certification / Advanced Diploma.</li><li>Valid Annual Practicing Certificate (APC)</li><li>Preferably Bachelors/Degree/Master in Nursing (or the equivalent qualification relevant to Nursing).</li><li>A minimum of 15 years of nursing experience with at least 2-5 years in Nursing Administration / Management.</li><li>Good interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal.</li><li>Good working knowledge of Microsoft office.</li><li>Knowledge of professional nursing principles and practices.</li><li>Possess excellent interpersonal skills.</li><li>Impart exemplary and professional approach in all undertakings.</li><li>Strong organizational skills.</li><li>A self-starter, resourceful, possess initiative with the ability to work independently.</li><li>Must maintain confidentiality.</li><li>Willing to relocate and travel to hospitals within the Group.</li><li>Able to work with all levels of staff.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Pantai Hospital Batu Pahat is a multispecialty hospital with the only Catheterization Laboratory in Northern Johor. It is part of Parkway Pantai, IHH Healthcare Berhad, operating hospital in more than 10 countries worldwide.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Batu Pahat. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/deputy-director-of-nursing-4425561?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4425561&sectionRank=15&token=0~0a32de8f-f2cf-4a2d-8068-5260403b1c7b&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 