---
title: "Capita Global Sdn Bhd Vacancies Occupational Health Doctor (In-house Clinic) Penang and KL (REF:EL)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-16 
excerpt: "Capita Global Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Occupational Health Doctor (In-house Clinic) Penang and KL (REF:EL) which positioned at Kuala Lumpur, George Town" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur, George Town] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Capita Global Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Occupational Health Doctor (In-house Clinic) Penang and KL (REF:EL)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Primary Care</strong></div><ul><li>Setting up and managing onsite clinic</li><li>To run day to day clinic operation activities</li><li>To provide treatment for minor ailments and provide first aid treatment to injuries</li><li>Timely notify HR and EHS of any work-related injury, non-work-related or illnesses via phone or email</li><li>Prepare report and update the follow up status for any injury or illnesses</li><li>Provide health and medical care advice and refer employee to specialist if needed</li><li>Track and report employee&#8217;s health data as required</li><li>Management of drugs and medication supply based on the usage and stock that needed in the clinic</li><li>monthly</li></ul><div><strong>Medical Monitoring Program</strong></div><ul><li>Assist in medical surveillance and OSH surveillance assistance</li><li>Managed Care Medical Advisory</li><li>Medical case reviews for medical appropriateness for inpatient guarantee letter and outpatient claims</li><li>Engagement with hospital management/physicians</li><li>Medical advisory for clients</li><li>Provide academic support &amp; training to staff on basic medical knowledge, clinical guidelines and SOPs</li><li>Research support for business development and account management, including data analysis,</li><li>regulatory guidance, survey and proposal development</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements:</strong><br>&#160;</div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Master's Degree, Doctorate (PhD), Medicine, Medical Science, Nursing, Physical Therapy/Physiotherapy, Psychology or equivalent.</li><li>Candidate must posses a Medical Degree (MBBS/MD or equivalent)</li><li>Registered with Malaysian Medical Council (MMC)</li><li>Possess a valid Annual Practicing Certificate (APC)</li><li>Possession of Occupational Health Certification is a must</li><li>At least 8 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Managers specializing in Healthcare - Doctor/Diagnosis or equivalent.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul><div>What you need to do now<br>If you're interested in this role, click apply now or forward an up to date copy of your CV to <strong>resume@capitamalaysia.com OR evonne.lim@persolmy.com</strong></div><div><br>We regret to inform that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Established in 2007 in Singapore, Capita Global is an award-winning recruitment expert and staffing provider for multi-national companies across Asia.</div><div>In 2012, Capita Global expanded its operations to Malaysia with its first office in Kuala Lumpur.&#160;</div>Since then, we have become one of the fastest growing recruitment agencies in Malaysia as we continually enhanced our service offerings, eventually segmenting into individual divisions with unparalleled expertise.<div>Specialising in both local and international permanent placement, our consultants who are experts in their niche areas are consistently delivering the right talent to meet clients&#8217; human resource needs and candidates&#8217; career growth.</div><div>We offer a focused recruitment solutions in the following specialisations:</div><div>Banking, Finance and Insurance<br>Shared Services<br>Engineering<br>Information Technology &amp; Telecommunications<br>Accounting &amp; Finance<br>Functional &amp; Business Support<br>Japanese Resources</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur, George Town. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/occupational-health-doctor-in-house-clinic-penang-and-kl-ref:el-4424682?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4424682&sectionRank=12&token=0~8856b5b5-3a05-4289-a917-29603fe7facf&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 