---
title: "HTM PHARMACY HQ Vacancies PHARMACIST" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-12-13 
excerpt: "HTM PHARMACY HQ is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PHARMACIST which positioned at Ipoh" 
tags: [Ipoh] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>HTM PHARMACY HQ is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PHARMACIST</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Do you like CHALLENGES?</strong></p><p><strong>Do you able to take STRESS?</strong></p><p><strong>Do you have positive ATTITUDE?</strong></p><p><strong>More important, are you WILLING TO WORK?</strong></p><p>As a PHARMACIST you will be responsible for preparing and administering appropriate pharmaceuticals to patients. You will achieve this either by executing a physician&#8217;s order or by addressing the patient&#8217;s problems and needs.</p><p>The job entails a high level of responsibility and knowledge. A pharmacist does not merely hand out prescribed medicine; he/she has the expertise and willingness to assist people and provide them with information and solutions.</p><p>The pharmacist must be fully qualified to interpret symptoms so that the patient can either be given immediate treatment for a trifling condition or to be referred to the suitable doctor. Pharmacists must also be able to provide professional advice on cosmetics or parapharmaceuticals.</p><p>The goal is to ensure effective medication use and become the people&#8217;s trusted ally against health issues. That way you can deliver maximum value to both the pharmacy and society.</p><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Review and execute physician&#8217;s prescriptions checking their appropriateness and legality</li><li>Organize the pharmacy in an efficient manner to make the identification of products easier and faster</li><li>Maintain full control over delivering, stocking and labeling medicine and other products and monitor their condition to prevent expiring or deterioration</li><li>Listen carefully to customers to interpret their needs and issues and offer information and advice</li><li>Provide assistance other medical services such as injections, blood pressure/ temperature measurements etc.</li><li>Prepare medicine when appropriate using correct dosages and material for each individual patient</li><li>Keep records of patient history and of all activities regarding heavy medication</li><li>Keep abreast of advancements in medicine by attending conferences and seminars and collaborating with other healthcare professionals</li><li>Comply with all applicable legal rules, regulations and procedures</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree/Professional Degree in Pharmacy/Pharmacology graduate recognized by the Pharmacy Board of Malaysia</li><li>Be fully registered Pharmacist with the Pharmacy Board of Malaysia.( Valid license to practice the profession)</li><li>Proven experience as a pharmacist</li><li>Thorough understanding of dosage administration and measurement, chemical compounds, medical brands etc.</li><li>&#183;Outstanding knowledge of MS Office and Pharmacy information systems</li><li>Good organizing skills and multi-tasking abilities</li><li>Excellent communication skills with a customer oriented approach</li><li>Integrity and compassion</li><li>Must be willing to travel, to assist other outlets and training as required by the company.</li><li>Must be able to work on a shift basis and on a public holiday.</li><li>Excellent communication skills with a customer oriented approach</li><li>Candidates fluent in Mandarin preferred as the role require the candidate to deal with Mandarin speaking clients.</li></ul><p>We offer attractive remuneration package commensurate with qualification and experience. Interested candidates may submit your detailed resume and together with a passport sized photograph (nr) by mail or Whats App to our HR Department at 016-4424663</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Htm Pharmacy is started at year 2006 with base located at First Garden, Ipoh. The company is lead by passionate, enthusiastic and young pharmacists. HTM pharmacy provides a vast range of pharmaceutical, health, and beauty products at competitive prices so that customer can enjoy healthy life and maintain good appearance at the same time.&#160;Our pharmacists and well-trained assistants focus on providing customers the best healthcare products, professional pharmacy advice and assistance.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Ipoh. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/pharmacist-4443071?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4443071&sectionRank=9&token=0~a084069a-f693-48af-b7e9-fd8a2fd12166&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 