---
title: "Prima Elysseus Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Clinic Assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2020-11-21 
excerpt: "Prima Elysseus Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Clinic Assistant which positioned at Selangor - Others" 
tags: [Selangor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Prima Elysseus Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Clinic Assistant</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Position Title:&#160;</strong>Clinic Assistant</div><div><div><strong>Employment Type:&#160;</strong>Fixed Term Full Time (2 years)</div><div><strong>Commence Date:&#160;</strong>December 2020 &#8211; December 2022</div><div><strong>Clinic Name:&#160;</strong>Bukit Serdang Clinic &amp; Surgery</div><div><strong>Location:&#160;</strong>1 Jalan BS 5/26 Taman Bukit Serdang Sek 5, Seri Kembangan, Selangor</div><div><strong>Salary:&#160;</strong>RM 1400.00 + Allowance +/- Annual pay rise*</div><div><strong>Hours per week:&#160;</strong>42 hours/week</div><div><strong>Working Hours:&#160;</strong>3 -Shift system monthly schedule, 16 days a month</div><ul><li>AM: 8am to 4pm (7 hours)</li><li>PM: 3pm to 10pm (7 hours)</li><li>Full: 8am to 10pm (14 hours)</li></ul><div><strong>Position Summary:</strong></div><ul><li>Operation and maintenance of Xray machine</li><li>Operation and maintenance medical instruments and apparatus</li><li>Sanitation and maintenance of clinic utilities</li><li>Assistance in clinical procedures and examinations</li><li>Client registration and drug dispensary</li><li>Inventory management and book keeping</li><li>Compliance to patient&#8217;s confidentiality at all times &#160;</li></ul><div><strong>Position Profile</strong></div><div>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; We are seeking suitably qualified Radiographers to join us in our primary healthcare clinic. Total of 3 positions of the same title will be offered and we encourage fresh graduates to join us. Training including administrative clinic management, drug dispensary, stock checking and ordering will be provided and a 1-yearly competency evaluation will be conducted. Delinquency is strictly not tolerated.</div><div><strong>Area Profile</strong></div><div>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Bukit Serdang Clinic &amp; Surgery is located in Taman Bukit Serdang, Seri Kembangan. Wide array of restaurants and convenience stores can be found in its proximity. Affin Bank, Public Bank and RHB bank are 5 minutes drive away and police station is only 1 shop lot away from our clinic. Our clinic can be conveniently reached via MEX, MRR2 and North-South Highway.</div><div><strong>Employee Benefits:</strong></div><ul><li>Professional development opportunities in clinic management, pharmacy and general clinical procedures</li><li>Free annual medical check-up</li><li>Free Wi-Fi usage and internet access during working hours</li><li>Free uniforms (2 sets)</li><li>Designated Staff Restroom, Carpark and Solat Room</li><li>Annual pay rise subject to 1-yearly competency evaluation</li></ul><div><strong>Selection Criteria:</strong></div><ol><li><strong>Degree/Diploma in Medical Imaging/Radiography from MOH or its equivalent</strong></li><li>Proficient in&#160;<strong>Mandarin</strong>,&#160;<strong>Bahasa Melayu</strong>&#160;and&#160;<strong>English</strong></li><li>Familiar with Microsoft applications and execution of basic computing tasks</li><li>Punctual and disciplined, able to comply to Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) and MOH recommended protocols</li><li>Able to work on public holidays</li></ol><div><strong>Application Instructions:</strong></div><ul><li>Applicant must hold a <strong>Degree/Diploma in Medical Imaging/Radiography</strong> from MOH or its equivalent, <strong>AND&#160;</strong>proficient in<strong>&#160;<strong>Mandarin</strong>,&#160;<strong>Bahasa Melayu</strong>&#160;and&#160;<strong>English</strong></strong></li><li>Application is only online via email before 12/12/2020</li><li>Please provide valid contact number, current place of residence, and working email address in Curriculum Vitae (CV)/ Resume</li><li>Successful applicant will be contacted via email address and shortlisted for interview</li><li>Once position is offered, candidate will be required to work for 3 months under probation prior to final confirmation</li></ul><div><strong>Documents for application:</strong></div><ol><li>Curriculum Vitae (CV)/ Resume</li><li>Scan/Digital copy of Certificate of Degree/Diploma in Medical Imaging/Radiography from MOH or its equivalent</li><li>Scan/Digital copy of Passport sized photo x1</li></ol></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>Bukit Serdang Clinic &amp; Surgery is a newly established primary healthcare clinic under Prima Elysseus Sdn. Bhd. The clinic is currently under renovation and expected to be completed in 6 weeks time. It is expected to be operational by December 2020.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/clinic-assistant-4428001?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4428001&sectionRank=1&token=0~d4bb9e37-665f-4058-bf82-8b8c4498d30e&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 