---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan Talentvis Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Head of Operations" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-03 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan Talentvis Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head of Operations which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan Talentvis Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head of Operations</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>Establish, develop and implement strategies to maximize resources.</li><li>Coach and oversee operations department to ensure operational issue been handle well and effectively.</li><li>Participates annually in the business planning and budget process, cascading the plan down to the operations and marketing team members, clinic staffs and doctors.</li><li>Review and track clinic performance to reach the monthly profitability and sales.</li><li>Identifies issues and concerns as well as promotes efficiency in the operations department through practical solutions and value-added recommendations where appropriate.</li><li>Evaluate, plan current and projected budgetary needs for all portfolios in terms of staffing, equipment and capital.</li><li>Consistently identify gaps and opportunity for improving the quality of care through consistent interaction with Doctors and Clinics.</li><li>Check stock count report and cost of sales for clinics and suggest any control to clinic based on the analysis and explanation provided.</li><li>Set performance KPI in line with business goals and objectives.</li><li>Oversee staff development and career management within Operations.</li><li>Review work flow process and SOPs where necessary to reflect current practice and implementation.</li><li>Oversee the audit report for clinics and ensure the problem been identify and action plan is in place.</li><li>Present the clinic performance at the monthly meetings.</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Master's Degree, any field.</li><li>At least 8 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Senior Managers specializing in Healthcare - Pharmacy or equivalent.</li><li>Strong analytical, planning and problem solving skills</li><li>Proactive and result-oriented&#160;</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Our careers are not an endeavour we undertake on our own.</div><div>As a leading Singapore recruitment agency with offices growing across Asia Pacific, we believe in being your partners rather than mere recruiters. At Talentvis, we see things from your perspective to join you to the right people and company. The truth is that creating a fulfilling career is no mean feat, so we support with regular insights and tailored advice to help you achieve your dreams.</div><div>With our expertise in recruiting for over ten industries, Talentvis bridges you to opportunities and networks beyond.</div><div>If you are a talented individual looking to grow professionally, come speak with us. We are present in over ten industries such as Banking &amp; Finance, Logistics, Retail, Information Technology and offer permanent, contract and temporary positions in these verticals.</div><div>We are constantly growing as a company. If you are keen to challenge yourself and understand our commitment to develop our people, you may find out about life at Talentvis and our available openings at www.talentvis.com</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-of-operations-4475421?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4475421&sectionRank=11&token=0~97473543-d500-4bfe-a921-9bed749a1752&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 