---
title: "American Embassy Kuala Lumpur Vacancies Registered Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-30 
excerpt: "American Embassy Kuala Lumpur is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Registered Nurse which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>American Embassy Kuala Lumpur is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Registered Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>DUTIES:</strong></p><ul><li><span>The incumbent serves as the post's nurse with responsibilities that include the medical care of Mission employees and eligible family members under MED approved clinical guidelines, as well as maintenance and inventory of all medical equipment and supplies, implementation of a robust vaccination program, administration of group and&#160;individual health education programs, and medical emergency contingency planning for the Mission. The incumbent will work in the Medical Unit under the direct supervision of the Regional Medical Officer (RMO) or Medical Provider (MP).</span></li></ul><p><strong>QUALIFICATIONS AND EVALUATIONS:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Education: </strong>Degree (RN Level) in Nursing or Diploma/Certificate equivalent from an accredited School of Nursing. Must possess and maintain a valid nursing license or a current unrestricted Registered Nursing license from the host nation, country of origin, or the U.S..</li><li><strong>Experience: </strong><span>A minimum of two (2) years&#160;of post-qualification work as a professional nurse is required.&#160;</span></li><li><strong>Job Knowledge: </strong>&#160;<span>The incumbent possesses critical-thinking skills and comprehends MED's policies and procedures regarding medical evacuations, hospitalizations and insurance reimbursement methodology. Must maintain current&#160;knowledge of local and regional medical services that can provide care for all acuity levels, including betted&#160;specialists and hospitals. Is a resource for arranging the best method to transport critically ill patients and&#160;maintains a working relationship with transport facilities.</span></li><li><strong>Language: </strong><span>English Level 3 (Good working knowledge) - speaking/writing/reading is required (This may be tested). Bahasa Malaysia Level 4 (Fluent) -&#160;- speaking/writing/reading is required (This may be tested).</span></li><li><strong>Skills and Abilities:&#160;</strong><span>The position requires strong interpersonal skills and a client-oriented disposition capable of dealing with a&#160;complexity interactive challenges in difficult and emotional situations. Must have a solid working knowledge of MED's RN Clinical Practice Guidelines and be familiar with American Nursing Standards of Care. Must be able&#160;to perform basic word processing on computer.</span></li></ul><p><strong>IMPORTANT: IGNORE THE YELLOW "APPLY NOW" TAB BELOW</strong></p><p>You must insert the link below into your browser in order to apply:</p><p>NOTE: <strong>All applications MUST be submitted through the Electronic Recruitment Application (ERA) link above to be considered for employment</strong></p><p><strong>Open Period: April 30, 2021 to May 14, 2021&#160;</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>We are the Embassy of the United States of America in Malaysia; the nerve center for United States' diplomatic affairs, serving as the headquarters of the chief of mission, staff and other agencies. We are located at Jalan Tun Razak, Kuala Lumpur nearby few other embassies of other countries.</div>
<div>The U.S. Mission in Malaysia provides equal opportunity and fair and equitable treatment in employment to all people without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, political affiliation, marital status, or sexual orientation.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/registered-nurse-4553692?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4553692" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 