---
title: "KL INTERNATIONAL HEALTHCARE CENTRE SDN BHD Vacancies Registered Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-01 
excerpt: "KL INTERNATIONAL HEALTHCARE CENTRE SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Registered Nurse which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>KL INTERNATIONAL HEALTHCARE CENTRE SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Registered Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Summary</strong></p><p>&#8203;Responsible for rendering professional nursing care to patients within an assigned unit of the medical centre as directed by the Nurse Manager. Ensures that safe and high standards of nursing care are rendered to patients during their admission to the Medical Centre.</p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ol><li>Ensures that patients&#8217; case-notes and investigations reports are ready before the start of clinic sessions as well as prepare listings of patients for elective procedures.</li><li>Assist the doctors from various disciplines to perform minor clinical procedures</li><li>Assists doctors and provide nursing care to patients during physical examination according to patient&#8217;s condition, ensuring patient&#8217;s safety at all times</li><li>Provide nursing care and screening programmes , including patient counselling.&#160;</li><li>Provides financial counselling and education on operation/ treatment procedures.</li><li>Assist in observing and reporting patients' condition and progress during their recovery from the minor procedures</li><li>Establishes and maintains confidentiality on patient&#8217;s medical records.</li><li>Maintain confidentiality of patients' medical records at all times.</li><li>Maintains a clean and safe working environment. Dispenses medication according to doctor&#8217;s orders. Monitor, maintain and replace clinic&#8217;s equipment, instruments, inventories and supplies. Prepare &amp; pack surgical items/instrument for autoclaving.</li><li>Assists in billing when needed.</li><li>Maintain a clean and safe working environment Participate in continuous quality improvement activities.</li><li>Ensure nursing care is delivered according to established standards.&#160;</li><li>Participate in health promotion &amp; education activities to promote &amp; improve health of patient &amp; the community.</li><li>Ordering of medicine and other supplies</li><li>Performs other nursing duties as assigned.&#160;</li></ol><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma in Medical Science, Medicine, Nursing or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;English, Bahasa Malaysia</li><li>At least 1&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Senior Executive specialized in Healthcare - Nurse/Medical Support &amp; Assistant or equivalent.</li><li>Preferably experience in molecular diagnoctics or clinical laboratary setting</li><li>To prepare specimens and perform laboratory procedure used in the diagnosis ,verify and report lab results on all performanced test and ensure compliance with laboratory procedure for example blood and swab test.</li><li>Must be able to work in a confidential manner&#160;</li><li>Maintain all treatment room and diagnostics room according to standards and task list&#160;</li><li>Regular reporting for quality management and quality control purpose</li><li>Proficient on the required medical and health requirement</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Our company provide diagnostic and laboratory services.&#160;</p><p>We&#160;are seeking experienced,&#160;energetic, motivated, articulate team players that share&#160;the&#160;same passion and vision for creating&#160;healthcare&#160;solutions.</p><p>Our dedicated and caring team of healthcare professionals is committed to&#160;making a difference in people&#8217;s lives through excellent patient care.</p><p>Welcome you to join our team.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/registered-nurse-4454145?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4454145&sectionRank=20&token=0~1527f0dd-277b-491b-ade8-de88286a7f11&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 