---
title: "Company Confidential Vacancies Insurance Claims Manager / Specialist / Executive (Life / Medical)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-14 
excerpt: "Company Confidential is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Insurance Claims Manager / Specialist / Executive (Life / Medical) which positioned at Kuala Lumpur, Cyberjaya, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur, Cyberjaya, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Company Confidential is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Insurance Claims Manager / Specialist / Executive (Life / Medical)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Claims Manager (Life / Medical)</strong></div><ul><li>Lead and monitor efficiency of team members in the processing claims as per stipulated requirement and benchmarks</li><li>Supervise and monitor the productivity and workflow of team to ensure team operating efficiency.</li><li>Accountable for team turnaround time, quality and productivity performance.</li><li>Review and approve cases that exceed authority.</li><li>Ensure reporting are prepared and checked within agreed timeline on daily/weekly/monthly basis as require.</li><li>Prepare management reports.</li><li>Recruit, train and develop team members to achieve maximum potential and competency.</li><li>Identify, propose and implement process/system improvements.</li><li>Monitor team attendance &amp; punctuality.</li><li>Manage client office relationship.</li><li>Other assignment(s) allocated from time to time.</li><li>Graduate with Degree with at least 6-8 years working experience in the Insurance operations</li><li>Supervisory experience of at least 5 years in handling a team size of &gt;= 15 members in daily operations processing</li><li>At least 5 years claims experience with authority for Minor/Major claims</li><li>Proficient in both written and spoken English and follow respective country&#8217;s requirements</li><li>Proficient in Microsoft Office and Excel</li><li>Good problem solving skills and customer focused</li><li>Effective communication skills, both written and spoken</li><li>Experience in handling technical claims or customer complaints will be an added advantage</li><li>LOMA certification will be advantage</li></ul><div><strong>Claims Specialist / Assessor (Life / Medical)</strong></div><ul><li>Process authorized claims transactions within the required benchmarks</li><li>Review and approve cases that exceeds subordinates&#8217; authority within required benchmarks</li><li>Building and Developing complete skill sets for Claims Assessors</li><li>Claims Reporting</li><li>Trends Analysis</li><li>Process all Life and/or A&amp;H claims requests received as per stipulated requirements</li><li>Ensure meeting personal quality, turn around time and productivity benchmark</li><li>Review/approve cases that exceeds subordinates&#8217; authority</li><li>Training of all new joiners on claims processing rules and products knowledge including Review and Feedback for On-The-Job training cases</li><li>Providing training in System Navigation and Processing Steps, towards certification with Claims Approval Authority, as stipulated in the Claims Approval Authority guidelines.</li><li>Report claim experience, quality, trends and patterns analysis, with a view to identifying issues &amp; problems, formulating solutions and strategies as part of the risks management and control responsibilities and its implementation.</li><li>Assist Assistance Manager to conduct regular claims review in claims performance to ensure claims principles/authorities are adhered to. Review claims decision making process to identify areas of claims risk management concerns for further improvements.</li><li>Organize and implement team engagement activities to foster closer team spirit and create work life balance environment.</li><li>Performs other responsibilities and duties periodically assigned by immediate manager in order to meet business requirements</li><li>University or college graduate holding appropriate professional qualification.</li><li>Good communications and presentation skills.&#160;</li><li>Self-motivated and customer orientated.</li><li>Sound problem solving.</li><li>Time management skills.</li><li>Computer literate in MS Office.</li><li>Sound knowledge of Accident &amp; Hospitalization claims.</li><li>Experience in Life insurance with an added advantage.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>We are specialized in Professional Recruitment services.</div><div>Our Client is a Multinational Insurance firm with a worldwide clientele.</div><div>All are permanent positions will be directly hire by our client. Staff benefits are good and remuneration package will commensurate with experience.</div><div>We welcome all interested applicants apply to the positions.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur, Cyberjaya, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/insurance-claims-manager-specialist-executive-life-medical-4502487?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4502487" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 