---
title: "MJ HEALTH CARE CENTER SDN BHD Vacancies STATE REGISTERED NURSE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-21 
excerpt: "MJ HEALTH CARE CENTER SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the STATE REGISTERED NURSE which positioned at Johor Bahru, Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Johor Bahru, Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MJ HEALTH CARE CENTER SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>STATE REGISTERED NURSE</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Hiring Company:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>MJ Health Care Centre Sdn. Bhd.&#160;</strong></li><li>NO.14, JALAN FOREST CITY 3,&#160;PULAU SATU, GELANG PATAH, 81550&#160;JOHOR DARUL TAKZIM.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Handle documentation, profile and basic admin</li><li>In charge of general housekeeping of the center, including inventory management and ordering supplies</li><li>Organize and manage day-to-day works</li><li>Consult and coordinate with health care team to assess, plan and implement screening plan</li><li>Upkeep the high standards of professional nursing practice</li><li>To assist doctors in various screening procedures</li><li>To provide basic health education to clients&#160;</li></ul><p><strong>Special Skills and Requirements:&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>State Registered Nurse with Nursing Board of Malaysia.</li><li>Must possess a valid Annual Practicing License.</li><li>Must be able to draw blood and set intravenous line and perform nursing procedures.</li><li>Multilingual ( English , Bahasa Malaysia and Mandarin) will be added advantage.</li><li>At least 1 Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Understand ad able to work as team.</li><li>Able to perform and complete assigned task independently.</li><li>Fast learner; multi-tasking ability; focused ; work oriented</li><li>Pleasant disposition, effective communication skills and enjoys interaction in a professional manner.</li><li>Pleasant personality and good listening and verbal communication skills.</li><li>Active applicable annual practicing licensures.</li></ul><p>Short-listed candidates will be contacted.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>MJ provide comprehensive health screening programs, which aim to create awareness of preventive is better than cure health concept to the MJ clients and pursues a balance between physical and mental health with enhancement in healthy lifestyle for all mankind.</p><p>Our mission is to provide healthy living for people starting from every family and striving for total quality living and enjoying happy and healthy family lifestyle for all.</p><p>MJ healthcare&#160;management platform comprises three main areas of &#8220; Screening &#8220; , &#8220;Evaluation &#8220; , and &#8220; Health Management&#8221;, and broken down into eight phases including screening, monitoring, analysing, evaluating, predicting, alerting, making interventions, and following-up to provide health conscious people with the tools they need to manage health and prevent disease.</p><p>MJ&#8217;s Philosophy: Live Long, Live Well, and Stay Young</p><p>For MJ, health is not just about not getting sick or getting sick less often. MJ wants to use its diverse health management strategies to help people &#8220;live long, live well, and stay young&#8221; and live more active and meaningful lives!</p><p>MJ&#8217;s AMHTS System, characterized as &#8220;High Efficiency, High Quantity, High Quality, Low Lost&#8221;,&#8221; has been providing MJ clients with quality preventive health services that are safe, comfortable, independent, private, and convenient. With the humanized and highly efficient &#8220;computerized cross-scheduling function,&#8221; MJ&#8217;s AMHTS System allows a subject to complete over a hundred of examinations and reports within four hours. MJ is indeed a worldwide pioneer in the field of health management.</p><p>In additional, MJ HSC also offer personalized health management consultation, aesthetic services, regenerative medicine such as stem cell therapy &amp; immunotheraphy to create total health management platform accessible to ten million people.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor Bahru, Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/state-registered-nurse-4454876?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4454876&sectionRank=23&token=0~5cbf2b19-ccd1-48a8-839c-ddb740c173e4&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 