---
title: "OM Materials (Sarawak) Sdn Bhd Vacancies MEDICAL ASSISTANT" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-20 
excerpt: "OM Materials (Sarawak) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the MEDICAL ASSISTANT which positioned at Bintulu" 
tags: [Bintulu] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>OM Materials (Sarawak) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>MEDICAL ASSISTANT</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Be a part of OM Materials (Sarawak) Sdn Bhd team!At OM SARAWAK</strong>, we are looking for great new talents who has skills, knowledge, qualification and experience!!<strong>WE provide career growth opportunities to our people and encourage ideas to support our company business!!</strong>&#160;</p><p><strong>Duties and Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Give early and or first aid treatment to patients;</li><li>Interview patients to obtain medical information, measure their vital signs, weight and height;</li><li>Record patient's information and maintain medical records;</li><li>Prepare and administer non-prescription medication;</li><li>Explain treatment procedures, medications, diets and physicians' instructions to patients;</li><li>Keep inventory records of medication and supplies of first aid room;</li><li>Maintain stocks of medication and first aid room supplies and equipment;</li><li>Maintain cleanliness and neatness of first aid room;</li><li>Monthly first-aid kits inspection for each located at site;</li><li>Monthly medical or incident records and statistics;</li><li>Conduct health awareness talk to employee;</li><li>Any other duties and tasks and instructed superiors.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirement:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma in Medical Assistant or equivalent.</li><li>Preferably Entry Level specialized in Healthcare - Nurse/Medical Support &amp; Assistant or equivalent.</li><li>Fresh-graduates are encouraged to apply.</li><li>At least 1 year(s) of working experience in the related fields is required for this position.</li><li>Able to work in shifts rotation (Required work 12 hours shift and entitle Fixed OT Allowances).</li><li><strong>Preferably has valid ARC(Annual Renewal Certificate) is advantages.</strong></li><li>Candidate will act as a Medical Officer/Paramedic for this job position.</li><li><strong>Fluent in Mandarin preferred as the role requested to deal with mandarin speaking foreign employees/vendor.</strong></li><li><strong>Applicants must be willing to work in Samalaju, Bintulu</strong></li></ul><p><strong>How this career benefits you:</strong>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</p><ul><li>This is a permanent role&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</li><li>Accommodation provided&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>OM Materials (Sarawak) Sdn Bhd, has been established to construct, develop and operate a world-class greenfield manganese and ferroalloy smelter in the Samalaju Industrial Park, Sarawak, Malaysia.</p><p>OM Materials (Sarawak) Sdn. Bhd. is a subsidiary of OM Holdings Ltd.&#160;OM Holdings Limited (ASX Code: OMH) is an independent, internationally diversified minerals group with its primary focus on expanding its fully integrated manganese business. Its international operations currently comprise a successful Singapore based metals marketing business supported by a manganese mine in Australia and a ferro alloy processing facility in China. OMH is a constituent of the S&amp;P/ ASX 300, a securities index comprised of the top 300 ASX (Australian Stock Exchange) listed companies.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Bintulu. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/medical-assistant-4496996?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4496996" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 