---
title: "CARDIAC VASCULAR SENTRAL (KUALA LUMPUR) SDN. BHD. Vacancies Cardiovascular Technologist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-12 
excerpt: "CARDIAC VASCULAR SENTRAL (KUALA LUMPUR) SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Cardiovascular Technologist which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CARDIAC VASCULAR SENTRAL (KUALA LUMPUR) SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Cardiovascular Technologist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Cardiovascular Technologist</strong></p><p><strong>Key responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>To perform all the non-invasive cardiovascular diagnostic procedures including ECG, Stress Test, Echo, Stress Echo, Pharmacological Stress Echo, Holter monitoring, Pulmonary Function Test, Ambulatory Blood Pressure monitoring and others.</li><li>In Cathlab, to assist Consultants and collaborate with other allied health professionals in interventional cardiac catheterization procedures such as Coronary Angiograms, Percutaneous Transluminal Coronary Angioplasty, Left and Right Heart Catheterization, Peripheral Angioplasty, Rotational Atherectomy PTMC, Implantation of Intracardiac Device Occluder, Pacemaker and ICD Implantation and IABP insertion.</li><li>Always improve and maintain core competency and best practices via continuous medical/nursing education and trainings.</li><li>Always comply to the industry standards as well as the company&#8217;s policies and procedures.&#160;</li></ul><p><strong>Job requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor Degree in Cardiovascular Technology / Cardiac Physiology / Biomedical Sciences, Advanced Diploma in Cardiovascular Health, Bachelor Degree / Diploma in Nursing, Diploma in Medical Assistant / Medical Laboratory Technology, or equivalent</li><li>Candidate with Bachelor Degree in Biomedical Sciences, Bachelor Degree / Diploma in Nursing, Diploma in Medical Assistant / Medical Laboratory Technology must have at least a certificate in Cardiovascular Technology or the relevant training at a Cardiac Institution.</li><li>At least 3 to 4 years relevant working experience in Non-Invasive Cardiac Diagnostic Laboratory and Cardiac Catheterization Laboratory setting.</li><li>Competent in performing ECG, Stress Test, Echo, Stress Echo, Pharmacological Stress Echo, Holter monitoring, Pulmonary Function Test, Ambulatory Blood Pressure monitoring and others.</li><li>Competent in assisting Consultants in Cathlab in Cardiac Diagnostic and Therapeutic Procedures such as Coronary Angiograms, Percutaneous Transluminal Coronary Angioplasty, Left and Right Heart Catheterization, Peripheral Angioplasty, Rotational Atherectomy PTMC, Implantation of Intracardiac Device Occluder, Pacemaker and ICD Implantation and IABP insertion.</li><li>Able to work under stressful situations and work unpredictable hours, rotating shifts and on-call schedule.</li><li>Must possess good teamwork.</li></ul><p>We regret to inform that only shortlisted candidates will be reached out.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Cardiac Vascular Sentral (Kuala Lumpur) Sdn. Bhd. (CVSKL) is the region&#8217;s first and only private Cardiac and Vascular Centre of Excellence. CVSKL is housed with Malaysia&#8217;s most experienced and acclaimed heart and vascular specialists, who&#160;pioneered various heart procedures. Under the visionary leadership of CVSKL&#8217;s Chairman, Tan Sri Yahya (former founder of National Heart Institute (IJN) in 1992); this team of enthusiastic specialists and clinical staff have a mission to give the best treatment for the heart &#8220;with a heart&#8221;.</p><p>Whilst being a specialist cardiovascular and thoracic centre, CVSKL also offers services that cater to the general well-being of patients through its diabetes centre and health screening centre, Healthscan. CVSKL has 3 Operating Theatres (1 Hybrid) and 60 beds including 14 bedded ICU/CCU/CICU/HDU.</p><p>CVSKL is strategically located next to KL Sentral, the integrated transportation hub of the capital of Malaysia and the transfer point for major rail transit systems including the KLIA Ekspress.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/cardiovascular-technologist-4566039?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4566039" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 