---
title: "Flex Vacancies Nurse - (WD112194)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-20 
excerpt: "Flex is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Nurse - (WD112194) which positioned at Penang" 
tags: [Penang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Flex is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Nurse - (WD112194)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><b>*CURRENT EMPLOYEES&#160;:</b></p><div><p><b><b>Please click&#160;here</b></b><b><b> to be redirected to the internal career site.</b></b></p></div>Job Description<p>The <b>Nurse </b>will be based in <b>Bukit Minyak, Penang</b>. Responsible to provide nursing care and medical attention to employees who become injured or ill at Flex. They will be the front liner related to any medical needs or emergency healthcare-related issues in Flex.</p><p><b>We are looking for someone who demonstrates:</b></p><ul><li>Intense collaboration</li><br><li>Passionate customer focus</li><br><li>Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution, sophisticated and highly efficient</li><br><li>Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement</li><br><li>Relentless drive to win, and result oriented</li></ul><p><b>Here is a glimpse of what you'll do:</b></p><ul><li>Document all employee injury and illness and keep this information confidential</li><br><li>Improve the health of employees through ongoing programs and health checks</li><br><li>Work closely with Safety Department to identify industrial and non-industrial injury to minimize recurrences</li><br><li>Provide adequate information to ensure Pregnant employees are rendered the necessary care and attention</li><br><li>Provide employees information on their hospitalization/outpatient/dental/optical etc. utilization</li><br><li>Assist and advise employee on Socso application</li><br><li>Ensure that Medication inventory is always checked and stocked</li><br><li>Create a clean and comfortable sickbay area</li><br><li>To perform other administrative job functions required for smooth workflow process of clinic operations.</li></ul><p><b>Here is some of what you'll need:</b></p><ul><li>Demonstrates operations and technical skills and understanding of Flex's functional standards. Demonstrates advanced/thorough knowledge of the function and Flex business.</li><br><li>Demonstrates knowledge of multiple functional technologies/ processes, industries or functions and understanding of interdependencies of such process</li><br><li>Ability to read, analyze and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers and customers</li><br><li>Must be a State Registered Nurse with relevant working experiences. Typically requires a minimum of 2 to 3 years of industrial experience.</li></ul>Job Category<br>Human Resources<p><span>Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accessibility@flex.com</span><span>. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Flex is the manufacturing partner of choice that helps a diverse customer base design and build products that improve the world. Through the collective strength of a global workforce across 30 countries and responsible, sustainable operations, Flex delivers technology innovation, supply chain, and manufacturing solutions to diverse industries and end markets.
	<div>
		In Malaysia, we have 12 facilities staffed by 18,000 employees.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Penang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/nurse-wd112194-4572288?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4572288" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 