---
title: "Y.S.P. Industries (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies PHARMACIST" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-18 
excerpt: "Y.S.P. Industries (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PHARMACIST which positioned at Kota Kinabalu, Kajang/Bangi/Serdang" 
tags: [Kota Kinabalu, Kajang/Bangi/Serdang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Y.S.P. Industries (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PHARMACIST</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Vacancy 1: Pharmacist (location: Kota Kinabalu Branch)</strong></div><div><strong>This position is based in Kota Kinabalu (Sabah) Branch.&#160;</strong></div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities:-</strong><br>&#8226; To verify and check the poison items for Purchasing Order (PO), Good Receipt Note (GRN), GDF and distribution.<br>&#8226; To check and acknowledge the Purchasing Order (PO)of controlled medicine.<br>&#8226; To liaise with Kementerian Kesihatan Malaysia (KKM) officers and attends KKM inspection whenever is necessary.<br>&#8226; Ad-hoc duties assigned by the superiors from time to time.</div><div><strong>Job Requirements:-</strong><br>&#8226; Preferable candidate who possess at least a <strong>Bachelor Degree of Pharmacy or equivalent.</strong><br>&#8226; Required languages: English, Bahasa Malaysia, (Mandarin is an advantage)<br>&#8226; Preferably at least 1 - 2 years of working experience in the Pharmaceutical Industry.<br>&#8226; One (1) Full Time position available.<br>__________________________________________________________________________________</div><div><strong>Vacancy 2: Production Pharmacist (Location: Bangi Branch)</strong></div><div><strong>This position is based in Bangi (Selangor) Branch.</strong></div><div><br><strong>Job Responsibilities:-</strong><br>&#8226; To ascertain that the manufacturing activities produce products of consistent quality and make sure that Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) and other operation standards are followed at all times.<br>&#8226; To evaluate activities carried out in manufacturing, its outcome and take necessary action based on it (i.e: BMR)<br>&#8226; To assist in training the staffs on working techniques, machinery handling as well as GMP issues and also evaluate the staff qualification.<br>&#8226; To solve /overcome problems associated with the manufacturing process, technicalities and staff related.<br>&#8226; To monitor and improve process and operation to increase productivity and reduce wastage.<br>&#8226; To plan manufacturing floor&#8217;s work to meet the monthly / weekly / daily schedule through liaising with various departments to ensure a smooth flow of work inside the manufacturing area.</div><div><br><strong>Job Requirements:-</strong><br>&#8226; Preferable candidates who possess at least a <strong>Bachelor Degree of Pharmacy or equivalent.</strong><br>&#8226; Required languages: English, Bahasa Malaysia (Mandarin is an advantage)<br>&#8226; Preferable at least 1 year experience in pharmacist working experience. However, fresh graduates after FRP training program in pharmaceutical industry / industrial training in pharmaceutical is welcome too.</div><div>&#8226; Two (2) Full Time positions available.</div><div>Kindly submit your application with latest resume and relevant documents.&#160;</div><div>Only shortlisted candidates will be notified.&#160;</div><div>Location (KK Branch): Lot No. B3, Type B, Neutron Riverside, Phase 2, KM 5, Jalan Tuaran Bypass, 88450 Inanam, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah.<div>Location (Bangi Branch): Lot 3,5,7, Jalan P/7, Section 13, Kawasan Industries Bandar Baru Bangi, 43000 Kajang, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Company Profile</strong></div>
<div>Y.S.P. Industries (M) Sdn Bhd (YSPI), the fully owned subsidiary of Y.S.P Southeast Asia Berhad (YSPSAH), was incorporated in 1987 and after&#160;31 years we have developed into one of the leading pharmaceutical companies in Malaysia. This is clearly reflected by our ascending sales figures in the past years and the ever expanding marketing network. YSPSAH and its group of companies have now become multi-national company with various manufacturing facilities and an extensive marketing network around the world.&#160;Our aim is to continue developing new pharmaceutical, health food and veterinary products for fulfilling the medicinal needs of human races, and to uphold our corporate philosophy "To provide the Best Quality Products and Improve Human Health".</div>
<div>The professional team of YSPI consisted of experienced and dedicated team of R&amp;D researchers to continuously improve and develop quality pharmaceutical products including tablets, capsules, suppositories, liquid preparations, powders, gels and creams. Our product lines range from a broad array of pharmaceutical, OTC, veterinary and aquatic products. By maintaining a constant input of new technologies and the development of new products, our pursuit for unsurpassed quality is never ending. The other groups of professional team such as pharmacists, nutritionists and veterinarians provide sophisticated services for customers.&#160;This further strengthen the confidence in our products and services which stems from our strict demands on quality and the implementation of regular inspection and audit. The implementation of a product development scheme, which constantly matches the current market demands, constitute a significant contribution to the pharmaceutical industry.</div>
<div>Our certified GMP manufacturing plant provides an ideal and clean production site for large scale production of pharmaceuticals. With the support of high-tech facilities and a dedicated team of production staff, YSPI is able to meet the ever increasing market demands.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kota Kinabalu, Kajang/Bangi/Serdang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/pharmacist-4465860?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4465860&sectionRank=5&token=0~4002b471-b15e-42a7-9192-c1c4d1990166&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 