---
title: "Bright Future Pharmaceutical Lab. Ltd Vacancies QC Analyst" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-13 
excerpt: "Bright Future Pharmaceutical Lab. Ltd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the QC Analyst which positioned at " 
tags: [] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Bright Future Pharmaceutical Lab. Ltd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>QC Analyst</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>About Bright Future</strong></p><p>Founded in 1993, Bright Future is a Hong Kong research-based leading multinational pharmaceutical company focused on skin health, pediatrics, respiratory and pain management. With experience and capabilities in the development, manufacturing and commercialization of prescription medications, OTC products and health functional products, Bright Future puts quality of life first and is committed to offering excellent health solutions to make every life healthier. As is our vision:&#160;&#8220;brighter life better future&#8221;.</p><p>To cope with our business expansion and new product development, we are looking for the right talent to join our growing Hong Kong office.</p><p>Job title:&#160;<strong>QC Assistant / Coordinator / Analyst</strong></p><p><em>(You may refer to different sub-teams for the QC department)</em></p><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><p>1)&#160;Chem Lab</p><p>&#9679;Responsible for IP, FP, stability, and RM samples testing, ensure GMP compliance</p><p>&#9679;Responsible for laboratory equipment maintenance and data record</p><p>&#9679;Follow the lab procedure requirement, assist the manager to finish the lab investigation for the special cases, i.e. OOS &amp; OOE</p><p>2) Micro&#160;Lab</p><p>&#9679;Perform method validation/development, routine microbiological tests, and prepare analytical report</p><p>&#9679;Perform culture identification, maintenance, sub-culturing of microbial cultures, and data record</p><p>&#9679;Performs environmental monitoring</p><p>&#9679;Prepares media and perform sterilization needed materials for microbiological tests</p><p>3) Health Products</p><p>&#9679;Carry out sampling and inspection on raw materials, packaging materials, intermediate and finished products in compliance with GMP or SOP requirements</p><p>&#9679;Conduct environmental monitoring according to the decided schedule</p><p>&#9679;Perform calibration of equipment</p><p>&#9679;Preparing document such as incoming material and finished product specification as well as standard operation procedure</p><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><p>&#9679;Degree holder or above, major in drug analysis / microbial analysis / analytical chemistry /&#160;science-related / Health Product</p><p>&#9679;Working experience / Knowledge in pharmaceutical products/health products/food-related industries and familiar with GMP/HACCP/FSSC22000 is a plus</p><p>&#9679; 2+ years of working experience in the pharmaceutical industry and familiar with GMP and PIC/S is a must for the QC analyst position</p><p>&#9679;Fresh graduate who is interested in QC would also be considered as QC coordinator</p><p>&#9679;Good interpersonal and communication skills</p><p>&#9679;Positive thinking, high team spirit, able to work under pressure</p><p>We offer 5-day work with good career prospects and excellent fringe benefits to the right candidates&#160;including housing arrangement/allowance, homeland air ticket, medical insurance, free luncheon, and discretionary bonus.</p><p>Interested parties please send your full resume stating your current and expected salary and date of availability to the Human Resources Department by clicking Apply NOW.</p><p><em>(Data collected will be used for recruitment purposes only.)</em></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Bright&#160;Future Group&#160;</strong></p><p>Headquarters in Hong Kong, Bright Future Group is a leading pharmaceutical company committed to developing affordable and reliable generic medical solutions, and bringing brighter life better future to people&#8217;s lives all over the world since 1993. Today, we are the largest GMP certified pharmaceutical manufacturer in Hong Kong. With years of development, we have also established our subsidiary plants in Mainland China, USA and Germany. Pursuing its long-term corporate vision, more than 7,000 employees dedicate themselves in the research and development, manufacturing and commercialization of more than 160 generic medicines and health supplements worldwide.&#160;We focus on the treatment of disorders for patients in dermatology, orthopedics, respiratory, pediatrics, geriatric and gynecology. Bright Future Group has a strong international R&amp;D team in Hong Kong, New York in US as well as Haikou and Suzhou in China&#160;to support our pipeline. We strive to our commitment and continue to expand our product portfolio to make a significant contribution locally and globally.</p><p>To facilitate our rapid growth in the pharmaceutical business, we now invite high caliber talents with&#160;progressive career prospects to join us as follows.</p><p>Company website: www.brightfuture.com.hk</p><p>Linkedin: https://hk.linkedin.com/company/bright-future-pharmaceutical-lab-ltd-</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in . <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/qc-analyst-4566809?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4566809" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 