---
title: "MY CARE Concierge Sdn Bhd Vacancies Senior Nurse Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-04 
excerpt: "MY CARE Concierge Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Nurse Manager which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MY CARE Concierge Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Nurse Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>We are seeking a Senior Nurse Manager to provide holistic care, operational excellence and supervision to our nursing and caregiving team at our Premium Assisted Living Centers. The position can be challenging, but equally rewarding and exciting for those that take on this responsibility, to be an integral part of an award-winning aged-care operator to ultimately make a positive difference to the lives of our residents and their families.&#160;</span></p><p><span>There are plenty of career growth opportunities as we look to build on our long term vision of providing exceptional care and lifestyle to our residents together with the support and backing of a passionate and dynamic team.</span></p><p><strong>Roles and Responsibilities</strong></p><ol><li><span>The role is to ensure the efficient and effective management of all resources to support day to day operations. This role will require you to establish the quality of care standards for our residents, provide a safe, motivating and professional and friendly workplace.</span></li><li><span>Assist to establish, implement and administer SOPs, procedures and best practices for the nursing and care professionals.</span></li><li><span>Provide orientation and regular training to staff to ensure the standards and quality of care is at the highest level at all times.</span></li><li><span>Maintain harmonious working relationships within the staff to ensure an optimal working environment.</span></li><li><span>Responsible for managing the duty roster and schedule and managing the resources of the nursing team and ensuring enhanced productivity by ensuring efficient staff management. This is done together with the respective home managers of the centres</span></li><li><span>Prepare work schedules, assign personals, carry out an evaluation of work performance and counselling of staff as necessary.</span></li><li><span>Actively work with management to find ways to improve the system, processes and implement new procedures as necessary.</span></li><li><span>Monitor the performance of the nursing and caregiving team and to give&#160;</span></li><li><span>Take charge when there is a medical emergency that requires your attention and leadership to resolve.</span></li><li><span>Attend management and staff meetings as required</span></li><li><span>Provide regular reporting to the management to update on the operations residents care</span></li><li><span>Review medical-related reports by the staff, including following up on any incidents, issues that have been brought up by residents and their respective PICs</span></li><li><span>Perform any other related duties as assigned by the general manager</span></li></ol><p><strong>Character and Values</strong></p><ol><li><span>Passionate about caring for the elderly and seniors and respectful to others</span></li><li><span>Display leadership qualities</span></li><li><span>Genuinely strive to improve oneself and to be positive in nature</span></li><li><span>Responsible and committed to excellence in the work</span></li><li><span>A team player, willing to work for the collective good of the company</span></li></ol></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>MY CARE Concierge Sdn. Bhd.&#160;<strong>(License No.: 1165765-P</strong><strong>)&#160;</strong>is a vibrant and fast growing medtech company that provides health professionals for eldercare and home recovery.&#160;</div>
<div>Winner of SEA Startup Disruptor of the Year at Wild Digital, and SEA Regional Finalist for Alibaba Jumpstarter Global Challenge, Most Innovative and Audience Favourite South East Asia</div>
<div>Our CARE Pros (nurses, caregivers &amp; therapists) are certified and trained with our proprietary technology to assist with Activities of Daily Living (ADLs), to provide specialised care for cancer, stroke recovery, post-hospitalisation, Dementia, Alzheimer's, and to perform medical procedures &amp; therapies.</div>
<div>Our mobile platform also includes professional education &amp; training and an e-commerce platform.&#160;</div>
<div>Our vision is to provide the best quality of care for our elderly and their loved ones so that they can live their lives undisrupted and stress free.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-nurse-manager-4524955?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4524955" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 