---
title: "KELLYOCG MALAYSIA SDN BHD Vacancies Commercial Operations Specialist (CRM) - Contract" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-03 
excerpt: "KELLYOCG MALAYSIA SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Commercial Operations Specialist (CRM) - Contract which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>KELLYOCG MALAYSIA SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Commercial Operations Specialist (CRM) - Contract</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>About Client:</strong></div><div>Our client is a research-driven and family-owned Pharmaceutical company. Headquartered in Germany, it is ranked as one of the top 20 Pharmaceutical companies in the industry. They have a strong global presence in over 100 countries, with 50,000 employees creating value through innovation daily for the three business areas of Human Pharmaceuticals, Animal Health and Biopharmaceuticals.</div><div><strong>Job Descriptions:&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Gaining market competitiveness &amp; achieve Excellence in Customer Engagement</li><li>Ensuring CRM System and Customer Segmentation &amp; Targeting are fully leveraged.</li><li>Handling all topics related to KPIs to ensure best in class of quantity and quality on customer engagement in the country for both MY &amp; SG.</li><li>Manage and develop data analytic to bring values to the business to perform and growth.</li></ul><div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities:&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Veeva CRM System Management<ul><li>Handles end-to-end Veeva CRM processes and governance.</li><li>Analyzing behavioral activity, ensuring accurate information in the Veeva System.</li><li>Work together cross functionally as a team to optimize CRM tool for customer engagement.</li><li>Embedding of multichannel customer engagement (Face to Face customer engagement and virtual customer engagement)</li><li>Managing MCCP (Multi Channel Cycle Plan) end to end process for all FF.</li><li>Maintain &amp; develop Veeva reporting according to business needs</li><li>Supporting Regional team on all CRM system UAT &amp; feedback</li><li>CRM System configurations and settings</li><li>Conducts Veeva training &amp; workshop.</li></ul></li><li>Customer Segmentation &amp; Targeting (IMMPACT) process management<ul><li>Customer Segmentation &amp; Targeting process management</li><li>Create agreed survey questionnaires in Veeva survey</li><li>Ensure high quality data input from survey</li><li>Handles survey data verification process</li><li>Managing S&amp;T tool (IMMPaCT) for brand matrices</li><li>Translates the agreed resource allocation outputs into Multichannel Cycle Plans. (MCCP)</li><li>IMMPaCT Training</li></ul></li><li>KPI and Data analytic<ul><li>Continuously seeks enhancements to the process with the objective of having a best in industry customer database quality.</li><li>Maintain and upkeep the best quality data for meaningful analytics</li><li>Design and develop actionable insights to the business and stakeholders as necessary</li><li>Performs KPI tracking &amp; monitoring.</li><li>Develop analytics on KPI for performance review and submission to regional.</li><li>Prepare KPI result for incentive calculation</li></ul></li></ul></div><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>At least <strong>3 year(s)</strong> of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, any field.</li><li><strong>Veeva CRM System Management </strong>experience is a must&#160;</li><li><strong>Contract</strong> position(s) available.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>KellyOCG is a global leader in innovative talent management solutions in the areas of Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO), Business Process Outsourcing (BPO), Human Resources Consulting, Career Transition and Organizational Effectiveness Consulting, Executive Search and Contingent Workforce Outsourcing (CWO), which includes Independent Contractor Solutions.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/commercial-operations-specialist-crm-contract-4475442?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4475442&sectionRank=7&token=0~97473543-d500-4bfe-a921-9bed749a1752&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 