---
title: "Sarawak Medical Centre Sdn Bhd Vacancies PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT MANAGER" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-08 
excerpt: "Sarawak Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT MANAGER which positioned at Sarawak" 
tags: [Sarawak] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Sarawak Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT MANAGER</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Who are we looking for?</strong></div><ul><li>Candidates with experience and exposure in quality audits and hospital accreditation procedures.</li><li>Preferably candidates with Master&#8217;s Degree in Business Administration or any other related fields</li><li>Minimum 5 years working experience in managing Quality Improvement, and Clinical Risk Management or similar experience.</li><li>Knowledge in hospital accreditation such as MSQH and JCI is an added advantage</li><li>Candidate must be fluent in English speaking and writing</li><li>Proactive and good leadership skills&#160;</li></ul><br><div><div><strong>Job Purpose</strong></div><ul><li>Assist to provide administrative direction for the Hospital Management in the area of clinical governance, quality and risk management</li><li>Responsible to provide administration direction for the hospital wide quality improvement, patient safety and risk management program, to ensure compliance to regulations, continuing accreditation, improvement in processes, improved patient care outcomes and reduction of risk.</li><li>Annually reviews the Performance Improvement / Patient Safety Plan for Normah Medical Specialist Centre. Reviews the departmental indicators on a regular basis and makes recommendations as needed to ensure the Department Quality Improvement efforts are effective.</li></ul><div><br><strong>Job Accountability</strong></div><ul><li>Identify, coordinate and monitor implementation of quality and process improvement initiatives with the management to improve processes and ensure patient safety and compliance to all standards/accreditation</li><li>Plan, coordinate and conduct Internal Quality Audits and ensure all internal and external audits are carried out in timely manner.</li></ul>Only short listed candidates will be notified.<br>&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Normah Medical Specialist Centre (NMSC) is a healthcare centre in Borneo. The Company is registered under Sarawak Medical Centre Sdn Bhd (119669-X). It is wholly owned by SFS Inc. an incorporated body under the Sarawak State Government. It was established in 1988 as a 130-bed acute medical and surgical, not-for-profit medical facility, aimed at reducing the large gap in the standards of healthcare found then in Sarawak vis-&#224;-vis those in developed countries. Served by a dedicated team of UK and American board certified physicians and well-trained nurses, NMSC is today highly regarded and trusted for its personalized care, quality standards and treatment outcomes. Since 1997, NMSC has continuously received consultative assistance from the renowned Mayo Clinic, USA to strengthen its ability to provide reliable, evidence-based medicine. Many patients find NMSC&#8217;s doctor-led governance and team-approach to healthcare highly reassuring, knowing that their doctors do not work alone but within a system, thereby ensuring that their best interests as a patient always come first. In 2005, the Malaysian Society for Quality in Health accredited NMSC with full certification, making it the private hospital in Borneo to be so honored. NMSC has now embarked on the journey to further improve all facets of its comprehensive range of services along the Joint Commissioning International standards. This means that patients seeking treatment in NMSC will receive the same level of care and treatment protocols as their counter parts in the developed countries.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Sarawak. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/performance-improvement-manager-4471363?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4471363" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 