---
title: "Premier Clinic Vacancies AESTHETIC DOCTOR" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-27 
excerpt: "Premier Clinic is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the AESTHETIC DOCTOR which positioned at Kuala Lumpur, Selangor" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Premier Clinic is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>AESTHETIC DOCTOR</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Premier Clinic is a leading multi awarded aesthetic clinic in Malaysia. We offer an extensive range menu of aesthetic treatments which include amongst other treatments for fat/weight loss, facial sculpting/contouring, pigmentation, wrinkles, and acne scar to help our clients to attain the desired perfection in beauty. We are equipped with modern technology, advanced machines, and credentialed doctors with specialized knowledge in aesthetic medicine. Our branches strategically located in Taman Tun Dr Ismail, Bangsar, Mont Kiara, KLCC, and Puchong and licensed by the Malaysia Ministry of Health with satisfied clients come from both local and regional markets.</p><p>We are doing extremely well and are expanding. We are looking for an energetic candidate for our <strong>AESTHETIC DOCTOR</strong> vacancy to assist on all branches operations work.</p><p>For more info on what we do, visit www.premier-clinic.com</p><p><strong>AESTHETIC DOCTOR RESPONSIBILITIES: -</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Give consultation and suggest treatment to patients.&#160;</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Perform aesthetic procedures.&#160;</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Follow-up patients who have undergone procedures.</p><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS: -</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Candidate must possess at least Professional Certificate, Master's Degree, Doctorate (PhD) in Medical Science, Medicine or equivalent.</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Preferably minimum of 3 years&#8217; experience working in an aesthetic clinic</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;LCP holder</p><p><strong>BENEFITS: -</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Competitive salary depending on experience</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Competitive commission based on individual sales</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Work with one of the Malaysia&#8217;s most well-known aesthetic clinic</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Off on Public Holiday</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;EPF, Medical Insurance and Meal Allowance</p><p><strong>HOW TO APPLY: -</strong></p><p>Apply by submitting your resume here on JobStreet online. Shortlisted candidates will be called for an interview at our Headquarter at Puchong Jaya, Selangor.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Premier Clinic is a leading multi awarded aesthetic clinic in Malaysia. We offer an extensive range menu of aesthetic treatments which include amongst other treatments for fat/weight loss, facial sculpting/contouring, pigmentation, wrinkles, and acne scar to help our clients to attain the desired perfection in beauty. We are equipped with modern technology, advanced machines, and credentialed doctors with specialized knowledge in aesthetic medicine. Our branches strategically located in Taman Tun Dr Ismail, Bangsar, Mont Kiara, KLCC, and Puchong and licensed by the Malaysia Ministry of Health with satisfied clients come from both local and regional markets.</div>
<div>We are hiring as we are expanding rapidly and our client base is growing very rapidly. Join us if you're interested to work in a dynamic company with open-minded bosses, approachable and friendly colleagues in the business of making people look beautiful and young. No experienced in the medical or beauty industry is necessary as training would be provided if you believe your selling skill is strong.</div>
<div>If you're looking to join a dynamic team in an established company, look no further and send us your resume via JobStreet.</div>
<div>We offer a competitive salary and commission, good benefits such as medical insurance and meal allowance for staff.</div>
<div>Visit our website at www.premier-clinic.com, or our Facebook www.facebook/premier.aesthetic &#160;for more info.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/aesthetic-doctor-4492979?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4492979" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 