---
title: "Johnson & Johnson Sdn. Bhd. Vacancies Regulatory Affairs Associate - Protege Program" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-19 
excerpt: "Johnson & Johnson Sdn. Bhd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Regulatory Affairs Associate - Protege Program which positioned at Subang Jaya" 
tags: [Subang Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Johnson & Johnson Sdn. Bhd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Regulatory Affairs Associate - Protege Program</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Johnson &amp; Johnson (J&amp;J) is the world&#8217;s most comprehensive and broadly-based healthcare Company, touching the lives of nearly a billion people every day. Our Family of Companies throughout the world compete in consumer, pharmaceutical, medical devices and diagnostics markets and have the skills and resources to tackle the world&#8217;s most pressing health issues.</p><p>We are looking for a&#160;Regulatory Affairs Associate that will be be based at our office in Subang Jaya.&#160;</p><p>This is a <strong>Protege 12 months contract program</strong> with a <strong>monthly allowance of RM2,000</strong>. Further information on the Protege program can be read at https://www.protege.my</p><p>The Regulatory Affairs Associate, Malaysia, will be a member of the local Regulatory Affairs department, responsible for contributing to the regulatory compliance of medical devices products under their responsibility. The position is responsible to support regulatory filings for renewal/ re-registration, submissions related to changes of the assigned product portfolios or projects. This position reports to the Manager, Regulatory Affairs.&#160;&#160;</p><p><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><ul><li>Preparation of submissions to the local health authority for renewal/re-registration and changes to existing products in line with Marketing launch plans</li><li>Maintain internal and source company databases of regulatory approvals</li><li>Liaise and establish cooperative relationships with source company regulatory colleagues to ensure understanding of regulatory requirements in Malaysia and request the documentation required for registration submissions</li><li>Work with the local health authority by compiling and submitting required documents and providing responses to questions via return applications</li><li>Contribute to Regulatory Affairs Team meetings to learn from colleagues, share experiences and best practice</li><li>Assist Regulatory Affairs colleagues in supporting other product portfolios or regulatory activities, as required</li></ul><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>Applicants must be aware that&#160;this opportunity is under the<strong>&#160;Protege Program&#160;</strong>which will run for 12 months&#160;<strong>(kindly refer to&#160;https://www.protege.my for more information prior to applying)&#160;</strong></li><li>Bachelor's degree, preferably in Pharmacy, Engineering, Life Science or any related discipline;</li><li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills - proficiency in written and oral English is required</li><li>Proactive team player, able to take charge and follow-through.&#160;</li><li>Quick learner and able to put the learnings into practice promptly</li></ul><p>NOTE: <strong>Only candidates that&#160;meets the requirements of the Protege Program</strong>&#160;will be contacted directly by the recruiter.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>At Johnson &amp; Johnson, we believe good health is the foundation of vibrant lives, thriving communities and forward progress. That&#8217;s why for more than 130 years, we have aimed to keep people well at every age and every stage of life. Today, as the world&#8217;s largest and most broadly based healthcare company, we are committed to using our reach and size for good. We strive to improve access and affordability, create healthier communities, and put a healthy mind, body and environment within reach of everyone, everywhere.</div>
<div>At Johnson &amp; Johnson, we&#8217;ve always excelled in times of change. We stand on the front lines of the biggest health challenges of our time, and we&#8217;re here to win. Our long history of firsts&#8211;Band-Aids, feminine care, cardiovascular stents, cancer treatments, digital health and, most recently, a life-changing vaccine against HIV&#8211;are proof that our proprietary blend of heart, science and ingenuity is profoundly changing the trajectory of health for humanity.</div>
<div>In Johnson &amp; Johnson, we provide consumer products, pharmaceutical products, and medical devices.</div>
<div>Read more about our products here:&#160;https://www.jnj.com/healthcare-products</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Subang Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/regulatory-affairs-associate-protege-program-4569887?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4569887" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 