---
title: "International SOS (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Assistant Operations Manager/Medical Doctor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-16 
excerpt: "International SOS (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Assistant Operations Manager/Medical Doctor which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>International SOS (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Assistant Operations Manager/Medical Doctor</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Overall Purpose Of The Job</strong></div><div>To assist the Operations Manager / Services Centre Manager, Medical Services and Head of Medical Services, Malaysia in handling the day to day issue on operations aspect. Communicate with the medics to ensure the service provided to the clients as per contracted. Ensure all reports are send accordingly.</div><div><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></div><div><strong>&#8226; </strong>Assisting in Induction for new Emergency Paramedic.</div><div>&#8226; Provide health presentation and First Aid Training when required.<br>&#8226; Communicating with Emergency Paramedic in regards to reports.<br>&#8226; Maintaining all reports send by the site Emergency Paramedic.<br>&#8226; Good knowledge on the requirements from the sites.<br>&#8226; Able to assist the site Emergency Paramedic in case direction.<br>&#8226; Report problems and difficulties to authorized company personnel in a timely fashion.<br>&#8226; Assess medical setup as Emergency Paramedic request if necessary.<br>&#8226; Handling purchasing of drugs and medical equipments for the clients.<br>&#8226; Update all situations to MS Manager when he is going off or working on site as site visit.<br>&#8226; Provide backup support to the site Emergency Paramedic whenever an Emergency Paramedic is unable to do his/her rotation or other assignments that may be given by the MS Manager from time to time as deemed appropriate and able.<div><strong>OH&amp;S</strong><br>&#8226; Ensure the hazard identification &amp; risk management for all sites are available at start-up and updated annually.<br>&#8226; Apply OH&amp;S policy and procedures to ensure compliance with Intl.SOS and regulatory requirements for OH&amp;S at all times.<br>&#8226; Actively participate in OH&amp;S inspections and audits including corrective actions. All actions are closed out in the required time frame.<br>&#8226; Ensure all hazards and incidents are reported and investigated appropriately and suitable controls are implemented.<br>&#8226; Ensure all plant and equipment is properly maintained and servicing and calibration is in date<br>&#8226; Complete OH&amp;S training for Managers and Supervisors.<br>&#8226; Act as a role model by demonstrating safe work behaviors.<br>&#8226; Participate in the development and maintenance of a safe and healthy workplace.<br>&#8226; Complete all mandatory OH&amp;S training as required.<br>&#8226; Comply with any reasonable instructions, policies, procedures or safe work practices given by Intl.SOS in adhering to safe work procedures.<br>&#8226; Co-operate with management in its fulfilment of its legislative obligations.<br>&#8226; Take reasonable care to ensure their own health and safety and the safety of others.<br>&#8226; To report any injury, hazard or illness as soon as possible to their supervisor.</div><div><br><strong>Service Quality</strong><br>&#8226; Support Management to ensure Medical Services Standards are implemented at all Medical Services Sites/Clinics.<br>&#8226; Ensure that all training programs support the standards of practice and service delivery as laid down by local regulations and the International Standards of Practice of International SOS/PKA.SOS JV.<br>&#8226; Ensure education programs are in place that supports Medical Services contractual requirements that meet and exceed client service level agreements.<br>&#8226; Ensure that all certificates of competency and/or attendance associated with the training provided are obtained/provided in a timely manner<br>&#8226; Coordination of training to enhance development of employee&#8217;s skills</div><div><strong>Documentation / Communication</strong><br>&#8226; Attend, contribute and report activity of area of responsibility at management and other meetings as requested.<br>&#8226; Compile and deliver a monthly report to the Operations Manager / Services Centre Manager, Medical Services and Head of Medical Services, Malaysia<br>&#8226; Ensure that all policies, standards, procedures and practices and company information are maintained to the latest date issued in accordance with the CQI policy.<br>&#8226; Provide any other tasks or responsibilities that may from time to time be requested by the Operations Manager / Services Centre Manager, Medical Services and Head of Medical Services, Malaysia</div><div><strong>Inventory Management</strong><br>&#8226; Manage Training department inventory including but not limited to:<br>- Ensure that there are sufficient stocks of training material<br>- Maintain the training department asset register<br>- Ensure that all equipment undergo daily, weekly or monthly (as appropriate) preventative maintenance checks<br>- Ensure that equipment are serviced and calibrated as required</div><div><strong>Additional Responsibilities</strong><br>1. To work within and promote all International SOS/PKA.SOS JV policies, procedures and corporate values.<br>2. To be aware of International SOS/PKA.SOS JV OH&amp;S policies, practices and procedures and actively participate in the on-going development and enhancement of these important areas of our business.<br>3. Undertaking project work or reasonable duties as requested by the direct Manager.</div><div><strong>Required Skills and Knowledge</strong></div><div>&#8226; Must be a certified registered Nurse, Medical Assistant or Medical Officer<br>&#8226; Good command of English communication and written skills<br>&#8226; Excellent organization and planning skills<br>&#8226; Good knowledge in managing staff rosters and work deployment</div><div><strong>Required Competencies</strong></div><div>&#8226; Supporting organizational values.<br>&#8226; Adaptability.<br>&#8226; Self-Development.<br>&#8226; Communication (verbal and written).<br>&#8226; Customer Service.<br>&#8226; Teamwork and collaboration.<br>&#8226; Managing Work requirements.<br>&#8226; Problem Solving.</div><div><strong>Required Work Experience</strong></div><div>&#8226; Minimum 5 years of experience working in oil &amp; gas industry and familiar with working protocol on within medial requirements on a oil rig environment<br>&#8226; Knowledgeable in medical knowledge and certified as a practitioner paramedic<br>&#8226; Strong ability in follow-through various operations matters assigned by his/her manager<br>&#8226; Strong ability to manage clients&#8217; expectation while ensure quality service delivery</div><div><strong>Required Qualifications</strong></div><div>&#8226; Minimum Bachelor Degree or certified as paramedic<br>&#8226; Qualified Paramedic, Registered Nurse or Medical Officer.<br>&#8226; Formal experience in management or operations would be advantageous</div><div><strong>Required Languages</strong></div><div>&#8226; Able to read, write and speak fluently in English and Bahasa Malaysia</div><div><strong>Travel / Rotation Requirements</strong></div><div>&#8226; Incumbent is required to travel within the country and out of country as required</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	International SOS (www.internationalsos.com)&#160; is the world's leading medical and travel&#160;security services&#160; company. We are in the business of saving and protecting lives from more than 1,000 locations. We care for over 10,000 clients worldwide (multi-nationals, governments and NGOs) with&#160;90 offices around the globe.</div>
<div>
<br>
	Our global team of 11,000 employees led by 5,200 medical professionals and 200 security specialists provides health and security support to enable our members to operate wherever they work or travel.<br>
<br>
	We have pioneered a range of preventative programmes and offer an unparalleled response&#160;to emergencies. We are passionate about helping clients put &#8216;Duty of Care&#8217; into practice. With&#160;us multinational corporate clients, governments and NGOs can mitigate risks for their people&#160;working remotely or overseas. &#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/assistant-operations-manager-medical-doctor-4464183?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4464183&sectionRank=7&token=0~bae254d7-0f48-4a17-b7bd-2f037b5a283c&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 