---
title: "JASPER HEALTHCARE SDN BHD Vacancies Staff Nurse/Healthcare Assistant/Medical Assistant/Paramedic" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-05 
excerpt: "JASPER HEALTHCARE SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Staff Nurse/Healthcare Assistant/Medical Assistant/Paramedic which positioned at Johor Bahru, Bukit Mertajam, Gelugor, Penang - Others, Kuantan, Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Johor Bahru, Bukit Mertajam, Gelugor, Penang - Others, Kuantan, Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>JASPER HEALTHCARE SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Staff Nurse/Healthcare Assistant/Medical Assistant/Paramedic</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>Vacancy for </span><strong>Staff Nurse,Medical Assistant,Healthcare Assistant,Paramedic or Caregiver</strong><span> at Nursing Home.</span></p><p><span>Available Vacancy at branch:</span></p><p><span>Johor, Selangor, Kuantan, Penang</span></p><p><span>Interview segera.</span></p><p><span>- Gaji pokok: RM1400 to RM 2300 berdasarkan pengalaman dalam bidang.</span></p><p><span>-Gaji kasar boleh capai up to RM3000</span></p><p><span>- Night duty allowance: RM20/night</span></p><p><span>- OT RM10/hour</span></p><p><span>- EPF, SOCSO, EIS,</span></p><p><span>- Food Allowance RM100 atau meal provided (mengikut branch)</span></p><p><span>- Sesiapa perlu hostel bayaran hostel minimum RM 100/ bulan</span></p><p><span>- Salary every 28</span>th<span> of month</span></p><p><span>- Uniform shirt/scrubs will be provided</span></p><p><span>- 3 - 6 bulan tempoh probation</span></p><p><span>- 1 bulan notis perletakan jawatan selepas surat tawaran</span></p><p><span>- 2 bulan notis peletakan jawatan selepas pengesahan</span></p><p><span>- Lepas 3 malam, night off + day off</span></p><p><span>- Jika tiada night shift, 1 day off per week</span></p><p><span>- Jika berjaya selepas interview, tambang perjalanan ke Centre bagi kali pertama akan ditanggung majikan (lepas confirmation)</span></p><p><span>Whatsapp resume ke 011 1177 6211 (HR Department)</span></p><p><span>Job Highlights</span></p><p><strong>ANNUAL INCREMENT</strong></p><p><strong>MEAL &amp; HOSTEL PROVIDED</strong></p><p><strong>FRESH GRADUATE ARE WELCOME TO APPLY</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Since its inception in year 2011 by founders Nursing Sister Sharon Soon and Nursing Sister Mary Lee, Jasper Lodge has been committed to provide care with compassion to all our seniors.</p><p>As of today, the nursing home is being managed by a team of healthcare professionals, including doctors and nurses, and remains steadfast in fulfilling the vision of being the leaders of aged care and senior living in the region. Our mission is to make senior living and aged care available to the growing aging population of the nation.</p><p>With Dr. Lim Geng Yan and Nursing Sister Anna Kon at its helm, Jasper Lodge continues to provide care, comfort and relief, no only to the patients, but to the family members as well. Providing the highest quality of care remains as our core value and objective of this establishment.</p><p>https://www.jasperlodge.com.my/</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor Bahru, Bukit Mertajam, Gelugor, Penang - Others, Kuantan, Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/staff-nurse-healthcare-assistant-medical-assistant-paramedic-4557395?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4557395" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 