---
title: "CARDIAC VASCULAR SENTRAL (KUALA LUMPUR) SDN. BHD. Vacancies Management Associate" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-21 
excerpt: "CARDIAC VASCULAR SENTRAL (KUALA LUMPUR) SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Management Associate which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CARDIAC VASCULAR SENTRAL (KUALA LUMPUR) SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Management Associate</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The CVSKL Management Associate Program (MAP) is a 2-year program designed to give emerging talents a platform to learn &amp; understand the key pillars of CVSKL hospital &amp; corporate functions and help build &amp; enrich the management potential in them.</p><p><strong>The program at a glance</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Holistic &amp; Explorative:</strong> Candidates are given the amazing opportunity to be attached &amp; discover multiple business functions during Phase 1.</li></ul><ul><li><strong>Blended Learning:</strong> Adaptation of the job rotation model in our MAP to allow the candidates to paint their own canvas in terms of hospital &amp; corporate functions.</li></ul><ul><li><strong>Excellent Coaching &amp; Mentoring:</strong> Candidates are attached to multiple mentors throughout Phase 1 &amp; weekly reflection session with the CEO outside of working hours to ensure a great learning environment.</li></ul><ul><li><strong>Intensive, Extensive &amp; Rewarding:</strong> A program tailored to develop candidate's management capabilities in the hospital environment through a great deal of various business functions alongside with great mentors by your side.</li></ul><p><strong>WHAT DO WE OFFER?</strong></p><p>Our MAP is divided into 2 phases.</p><p><strong><em>In Phase 1 (10 Weeks)</em></strong></p><ul><li>Hands-on experience through ground knowledge &amp; learning with exciting job rotation every 2- weeks between multiple hospital &amp; corporate functions such as patient services, admissions &amp; customer service, nursing and many more who all work hand in hand to ensure a smooth sailing hospital.</li><li>Direct coaching &amp; mentoring sessions from our CEOs &amp; Director of Departments through job shadowing &amp; after-hours reflection session with our CEO every week to give opportunity to understand and ease into the job role better.</li><li>Networking &amp; engaging with all our Senior Management team who come from all walks of life &amp; experience to promote self-learning &amp; development among the candidates.</li><li>To ensure an exhilarating program, a group project is assigned to the candidates which would be presented as their final appraisal on week 10.</li><li>Candidates who excel in Phase 1 would be offered to join Phase 2 as our Management Associate.</li><li>Candidates who do not make it to Phase 2, will be offered available vacancies in CVSKL through mutual agreement.</li></ul><p><strong><em>In Phase 2 (2 Years)</em></strong></p><ul><li>Candidates would enroll in the program as Management Associates of CVSKL and would be bonded to departments they are known to thrive in for a duration of 2-years.</li></ul><p><strong>WHO ARE WE LOOKING FOR?</strong></p><p><strong>Requirement</strong></p><ul><li>Fresh graduates or less than 2 years working experience after school</li><li>Bachelor's degree holders from any discipline are welcomed to apply</li><li>Desire to learn &amp; understand what goes into managing a hospital.</li></ul><p><strong>Eligibility</strong></p><p><strong><em>Phase 1</em></strong></p><ul><li>Candidates are interviewed &amp; shortlisted by our CEO</li></ul><p><strong><em>Phase 2</em></strong></p><ul><li>Candidates are assessed by their performance in Phase 1</li><li>Completion of final appraisal with flying colors.</li><li>Final individual interview session with the C&#8217;s &amp; senior management team.</li></ul><p>To apply, please send your updated resume stating your last drawn / expected salary and/or availability via "Apply Now" button below.</p><p>We regret that only shortlisted candidate will be notified for interview.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Cardiac Vascular Sentral (Kuala Lumpur) Sdn. Bhd. (CVSKL) is the region&#8217;s first and only private Cardiac and Vascular Centre of Excellence. CVSKL is housed with Malaysia&#8217;s most experienced and acclaimed heart and vascular specialists, who&#160;pioneered various heart procedures. Under the visionary leadership of CVSKL&#8217;s Chairman, Tan Sri Yahya (former founder of National Heart Institute (IJN) in 1992); this team of enthusiastic specialists and clinical staff have a mission to give the best treatment for the heart &#8220;with a heart&#8221;.</p><p>Whilst being a specialist cardiovascular and thoracic centre, CVSKL also offers services that cater to the general well-being of patients through its diabetes centre and health screening centre, Healthscan. CVSKL has 3 Operating Theatres (1 Hybrid) and 60 beds including 14 bedded ICU/CCU/CICU/HDU.</p><p>CVSKL is strategically located next to KL Sentral, the integrated transportation hub of the capital of Malaysia and the transfer point for major rail transit systems including the KLIA Ekspress.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/management-associate-4467133?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4467133&sectionRank=10&token=0~5cbf2b19-ccd1-48a8-839c-ddb740c173e4&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 