---
title: "TRAINE By ACTIV8 HIMSPORTS SDN. BHD. Vacancies Physiotherapist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-04 
excerpt: "TRAINE By ACTIV8 HIMSPORTS SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Physiotherapist which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>TRAINE By ACTIV8 HIMSPORTS SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Physiotherapist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Looking for <strong>physiotherapist</strong> that would like to develop their skills and knowledge in the Sports Rehabilitation field with the best team in the industry. With over 28 years of experience in Sports Medicine, TRAINE aims to provide optimum service to our patients and we require a strong team of physiotherapist to support us in our growth.</p><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Possess good knowledge in field of sports physiotherapy and rehabilitation</li><li>Able to assess, create and effectively carry out treatment plan independently</li><li>Able to use new techniques &amp; technologies/equipment in creating different programs for each specific patient based on their conditions</li><li>Experience in handling patients with musculoskeletal disorders and post-surgery recovery</li><li>Excellent communication skills</li><li>Team-work and communication skills to collaborate with other healthcare professionals such as orthopedic doctors</li><li>Problem-solving ability and creativity in the approach</li><li>Organizational and administrative skills</li><li>Ability to work under pressure and manage own time effectively</li><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Physical Therapy/Physiotherapy/Sports Science/ Sports Medicine or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s): English, Malay</li><li>Required Skill(s): Physiotherapy, Sport Science</li><li>Preferably Entry Level specialized in Healthcare - Nurse/Medical Support &amp; Assistant or equivalent.</li></ul><p><strong>Ability and Experience:</strong></p><ul><li>&#160;Possess a pleasant personality, excellent interpersonal and communication skills with self-motivated and positive attitude, passionate, willing to improve job skills and learning and adopting to new things</li><li>Able to work in a team</li><li>We are looking for highly motivated individuals to join us and someone who has a strong interest in dealing with professional athletes and in sports rehabilitation in general</li></ul><p><strong>Roles &amp; Responsibilities</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To create a chart of all clients and their respective schedule</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To handle and manage appointments of clients accordingly</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To record all required details as advised by your superiors within the chart</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To create exercise programs for clients from time to time</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To prepare exercise or treatment programs for clients well in advance</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To provide full treatment to clients including but not limited to any massage therapy for patients without fail</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To fully avoid possession and usage of mobile phones during treatment and exercise (strictly prohibited)</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To handle clients in a professional manner and not cross the ethical guidelines of therapist-client boundary</p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To follow strictly company objectives: Passion for Work, Responsible for Clients, &amp; Sacrifice for Team.</p><p><strong>Benefits :</strong></p><ul><li>Working hours: Tuesday to Sunday 9:00 to 18:00; Actual working hour is 8 hours per day (1-hour break)</li><li>Private medical insurance&#160;- Employee Benefits:</li><li>Annual leave = 12 days</li><li>Statutory benefits &amp; contributions on EPF, SOCSO, PCB</li><li>Individual &amp; Team Allowances</li><li>Training in Sports Rehabilitation</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>TRAINE </strong><span>is the first and only human performance institute in Malaysia with wide-ranging expertise across areas such as rehabilitation, physiotherapy, and performance training. Specializing primarily in sports injury and post-surgery recovery, the center was previously known as HIM Sports and it holds the reputation as the top physiotherapy center in Korea.</span></p><p>In Malaysia, HIM Sports has now been rebranded as <strong>TRAINE </strong>and the premier outlet in Bandar Sri Hartamas is home to the most advanced sports medicine treatment technique and industry-leading recovery methodology.</p><p><strong>TRAINE </strong>is fully equipped with all the latest state-of-the-art facilities in the industry with a top-notch hands-on approach to provide clients with the best rehabilitation experience ever.</p><p>The key ingredient behind <strong>TRAINE</strong>&#8217;s success lies in the undisputed reputation the center has built over the years; being the preferred choice for countless elite athletes in football, basketball, gymnastics, badminton, golf, and many more.</p><p>With the vision of becoming a true game-changer in the local rehabilitation, recovery and performance enhancement industries, <strong>TRAINE </strong>has great confidence in its ability, experience and technology to provide an unmatchable experience for its clients, leading to QUICKER, STRONGER and LONGER LASTING benefits and outcomes.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/physiotherapist-4582772?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4582772" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 