---
title: "Marlborough College Malaysia Vacancies Registered Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-27 
excerpt: "Marlborough College Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Registered Nurse which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Marlborough College Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Registered Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Reporting to&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;:&#160;&#160;&#160;Head of Health Center</p><p>Introduction to the Role</p><p>To join our specialist nursing team you will already be a qualified nurse with at least two years&#8217; practical experience. You will also need excellent communications skills, a non-judgmental approach and be able to build trust across a broad range of students (4-18 years). Having some knowledge of health promotion and insight into the health needs of both teenagers and younger children would be an advantage.</p><p>Responsibility of the role</p><p>&#8226; Generalist case management and nursing care within the College Sanitorium</p><p>&#8226; Providing emergency response on the sports field and at College events</p><p>&#8226; Checking and recording patient&#8217;s assessment, vital signs, objective &amp; subjective data and treatment&#160;on admission or for outpatients</p><p>&#8226; Diagnostic procedures for children in care</p><p>&#8226; Managing medical files</p><p>&#8226; Checking, recording and maintenance of medical stocks and supplies (medication and consumables items)</p><p>&#8226; Promoting health and wellness activities</p><p>&#8226; Telephone support and general medical advice and communication as required</p><p>&#8226; Weekend and Night cover on a rota basis to ensure wrap-around student care</p><p>&#8226; Any other medical / nursing-related duties as deemed appropriate by Management</p><p>Essential Skills and qualifications</p><p>&#8226; Malaysian State Registered Nurse (SRN), RGN or equivalent in qualifying Country</p><p>&#8226; Minimum 2 years&#8217; post-qualification experience</p><p>&#8226; Diploma level or above in a Nursing or similar specialist medical field</p><p>&#8226; Fluent in written and oral English and general communication skills</p><p>&#8226; Confident and approachable in dealing with staff, parents and other members of the College</p><p>&#8226; Excellent attention to detail</p><p>&#8226; Excellent teamwork and support to colleagues and other staff members</p><p>&#8226; Excellent medication safety practices</p><p>&#8226; Willingness to go the extra mile in out of hours duty when required to help team and organisation</p><p>&#8226; Excellent work ethics and nursing practices, able to make judgement calls and follow policy and procedure as required</p><p>Candidates will also ideally demonstrate</p><p>&#8226; Experience of Accident &amp; Emergency</p><p>&#8226; Pediatrics experience</p><p>&#8226; Understanding/experience of working within an international community</p><p>&#8226; An ability to demonstrate a calm approach under pressure</p><p>&#8226; An additional language, preferably Bahasa Malaysia or Mandarin</p><p><strong><em>Marlborough College Malaysia is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. Applicants must be prepared to undergo stringent child protection screening including checks with past employers and an enhanced DBS or equivalent is required.</em>&#160;</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>Marlborough College Malaysia&#160;</strong></div>
<div>
	It continues the pioneering spirit of its mother School, Marlborough College in Wiltshire, by being a close, values-led and enormously successful and happy community. Marlborough College Malaysia (MCM) was founded in 2012 as an organic extension of Marlborough College England. It is a co&#8208;educational independent boarding and day school comprised of a Senior School and a Preparatory School which cover the age range four to eighteen.t therefore shares values, philosophy and personnel with the UK and draws upon the very best traditions of one of the finest British boarding schools, while adding an exciting and real international dimension in our spectacular setting just eight miles from Singapore on the tip of the Iskandar peninsula.</div>
<div>
	The College is arranged in a Prep School (3-13) and a Senior School (14-18) and it currently has 935 pupils, around 530 of whom are in the Prep and 140&#160;of whom are in the Sixth Form. Pupils from the age of nine may choose to board and approximately a third of those who are eligible do so, with almost half of the Senior School and most of the Sixth Form boarding.&#160;&#160;</div>
<div>
<strong>Marlborough College Malaysia is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. Applicants must be prepared to undergo stringent child protection screening including checks with past employers and an enhanced DBS or equivalent is required.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/registered-nurse-4492692?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4492692" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 