---
title: "Active Scientific Sdn Bhd Vacancies Ultrasound Application Specialist / Sonographer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-01 
excerpt: "Active Scientific Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Ultrasound Application Specialist / Sonographer which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Active Scientific Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Ultrasound Application Specialist / Sonographer</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>This position will represent the company and products while continuously providing total solutions to customer needs. You will deliver a custom-made educational/training program for users and support sales team by applying your clinical expertise to the pre-sales process.</p><p>We are continuously looking for talented professionals who want to build their professional careers within Ultrasound. Based in the field, you will travel to clinical sites throughout your allocated territory, representing the company in pre-sales negotiations and in post-sales delivery of educational/training programs.</p><p>Position Responsibility:</p><ul><li>Serve as a clinical liaison to Ultrasound customers.</li><li>Work closely with the sales team and field service team during multiple phases of the sales and implementation processes.</li><li>Assess customer's configuration requirements and education needs; plan and deliver equipment and application training;&#160;apply&#160;product and clinical knowledge to troubleshoot and solve problems. Support customers in the use and growth of their systems.</li><li>Establish and maintain strong working relationships with key internal partners and customers; enable the success of the installation team.</li><li>Schedule and perform demonstrations as required to support assigned geography.</li><li>Schedule and implement system installation customer training &#8211; complete checklist.</li><li>Cover trade shows as assigned.</li><li>Professionally handle objections and questions.</li><li>Effectively support installed base.</li><li>Position yourself as a consultant to both internal and external customers.</li><li>Generate leads.</li><li>Communicate regularly with local, zone, and management teams.</li><li>Maintain excellent customer satisfaction.</li><li>Act in a positive and professional manner at all times.</li><li>Maintain company property.</li><li>Ability to work in ever-changing environments.</li><li>Flexibility and tolerance of ambiguity.</li><li>Detail-oriented with excellent organizational skills.</li></ul><p>Ideal candidate must have:</p><ul><li>Minimum of 2 years clinical experience as Application Specialist/Sonographer (Not mandatory).</li><li>&#160;Diploma/Advanced Diploma/Degree in Medical Physic, MBBS, Sonography, Biomedical Science or any other relevant Medical related qualifications.</li><li>Extensive customer interface and training skills.</li><li>Extensive interpersonal, organizational and communication skills.</li><li>Ultrasound teaching experience would be a bonus.</li><li>Able to work independently.</li><li>Ability to manage schedule remotely.</li><li>Poses own transport.</li><li>Willingness to travel overnight up to 50%.</li><li>Fresh graduate encouraged to&#160;apply.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Active Scientific Sdn Bhd is a medical diagnostics company in Malaysia focusing on various types of medical devices for point of care testing and laboratory. Our vision is to become one of the leading supplier of innovative diagnostic equipment and high quality consumables. Our mission is to be the leader in diagnostic solutions, a trusted partner in healthcare and a great place to work. In order to better address unmet customer requirements and ensure full satisfaction of those who use our products, we strive to build long lasting partnerships with our customers and are devoted to our pursuit of improvement and excellence. We are committed to creating value through forward looking engineering, innovative thinking, outstanding technology and best services.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/ultrasound-application-specialist-sonographer-4454127?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4454127&sectionRank=1&token=0~1527f0dd-277b-491b-ade8-de88286a7f11&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 