---
title: "GENESIS LIFE CARE CENTRE SDN. BHD. Vacancies Caregiver" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-13 
excerpt: "GENESIS LIFE CARE CENTRE SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Caregiver which positioned at Klang/Port Klang" 
tags: [Klang/Port Klang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>GENESIS LIFE CARE CENTRE SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Caregiver</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Caregiver&#160;Responsibilities:</strong></p><p><span>&#8226;&#160;</span>Ambulation, transfer and positioning with wheelchairs and other non-life support medical equipment and devices</p><p><span>&#8226;&#160;</span>Provide patient care and complete tasks as assigned by supervisor within scope of authorized tasks</p><p><span>&#8226;&#160;</span>Help patient maintain good personal hygiene, such as:</p><p>-&#160;Assistance with bathing,&#160;</p><p>-&#160;toileting, grooming, shaving,&#160;</p><p>-&#160;skin and nail care,&#160;</p><p>-&#160;oral hygiene,&#160;</p><p>-&#160;dressing and eating</p><p><span>&#8226;&#160;</span>Thorough completion and coordination of all required documentation, such as:</p><p>-&#160;Maintaining and completing the necessary&#160;client progress&#160;documentation</p><p>-&#160;Observe and report significant changes in patient&#8217;s condition to the&#160;registered&#160;nurse&#160;or medical assistant</p><p><span>&#8226;&#160;</span>Provide hands-on personal care and performance of simple procedures as an extension of therapy or nursing services.</p><p><strong>Professional Caregiver&#160;Requirements:</strong></p><p><span>&#8226;&#160;</span>High School graduate or equivalent.</p><p><span>&#8226;&#160;</span>Proficiency in English and/or Mandarin languages are beneficial</p><p><span>&#8226;&#160;</span>Ability to think and work independently and with direction and communicate with staff members in a fast-paced and sometimes stressful environment.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Genesis Healthcare Group&#160;is a&#160;healthcare group based out&#160;of&#160;Kuala&#160;Lumpur,&#160;Malaysia&#160;that&#160;continually&#160;strives to&#160;provide&#160;world-class healthcare through its network of primary care establishments throughout Malaysia. We aspire to change the face of primary healthcare in our home markets by redefining the&#160;patient experience and the quality of care provided in our facilities.</p><p>&#8203;Genesis`s chain of healthcare facilities&#160;specialize&#160;in the practice of&#160;Urgent Care and a Primary Care Medicine. We are&#160;dedicated to serving the community through personalized and timely medical visits. We aspire to continue setting up more primary care establishments close to the heart of booming neighborhoods and thriving communities near you. We open all our practices with&#160;the goal of breaking down the barriers between doctors and patients by establishing accessibility, transparency, and affordability to the practice of medicine. We hope to be in your neighborhood in the near future.&#160;</p><p>At Genesis, we practice an integrated healthcare approach in managing our residents needs. This involves collaborating our care efforts among various medical professionals involved in the care of our residents. What make our integrated healthcare approach unique is the sharing of information among team members related to our residents care and the establishment of a comprehensive treatment plan to address the biological, psychological, and social needs of each individual resident. Our inter-professional healthcare team includes a diverse group of members (i.e: doctors, nurses, physiotherapists, nutritionists, and other healthcare professionals) depending on the need of the residents.</p><p>https://www.genesiscare.com.my/</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Klang/Port Klang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/caregiver-4567102?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4567102" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 