---
title: "Yong Tai Berhad Vacancies PHARMACIST (CORPORATE BASED)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-26 
excerpt: "Yong Tai Berhad is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PHARMACIST (CORPORATE BASED) which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Yong Tai Berhad is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PHARMACIST (CORPORATE BASED)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>JOB DESCRIPTIONS:</strong></p><ul><li><span>Ensure all Standard Operating Procedures and relevant quality documentation are up to date according to relevant policies.</span></li></ul><ul><li>Possess regulatory experience in managing regulatory documents and meet legislative requirements.</li></ul><ul><li>Provide operational and technical support.</li></ul><ul><li>Maintain up-to-date product and industry knowledge.</li></ul><ul><li><span>Build and maintain positive working relationships with the healthcare and medical professionals to ensure that the Company has a strong client base.</span></li></ul><ul><li><span>Deliver product presentations and training to the healthcare, hospital and medical professionals to ensure that the Company&#8217;s clients have a thorough understanding of&#160;the products.</span></li></ul><p><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree in Pharmacy, as Registered Pharmacist with Pharmacy Board of Malaysia, and holding a License A or eligible to obtain License A.<strong><em></em></strong></li></ul><ul><li>Preferably candidates with experience in wholesale pharmacy / corporate pharmacy.</li></ul><ul><li>Able to multi-task, work with minimum supervision and perform well under pressure to meet deadlines.</li></ul><ul><li>Possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills, leadership &amp; customer friendly.</li></ul><ul><li>Passionate working attitude, energetic and responsible.</li></ul><ul><li>A dynamic team player, committed and proactive.</li></ul><ul><li>Computer literate and language (s) required: English, Mandarin, Bahasa Malaysia.</li></ul><ul><li>Support and undertaking ad-hoc matters as required from time to time.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Company Overview</p><p>Since emerging as Yong Tai Berhad in the year 2014, we have successfully diversified Yong Tai&#8217;s business from garment manufacturer to property developer and recorded continuous profit, compared to loss over the past few years. We have also managed to secure a few major projects with international partners and become a pioneering force in tourism and cultural related development. We believe in &#8220;trust&#8221; management and creating a &#8220;family-like&#8221; work culture which enable us to achieve so much in a short period of time with limited manpower. Beyond talents and skills, it is the spirit of the &#8220;Dare to Dream, Dare to Do&#8221; attitude, honouring our commitment and maintaining earnest relationships with our business partners that have brought us thus far.</p><p>Forging ahead, diversification and expansion of our offerings will take place through leveraging upon opportunities across segments that can add value to the business chain. We will continue to implement practical innovation, unafraid of breaking the mold and doing things creatively. As we move forward, with boldness and confidence, we will stay true to our vision: nurturing and coaching our people, developing sustainable properties, giving back to the community, creating value and delivering superior returns to our shareholders.</p><p>Our Mission</p><p>We are building a YTB legacy that will endure for generations by delivering quality innovations and strategic yet thoughtful products that instill a sense of ownership and pride in community.</p><p>We build our company to build home and sustainable future.</p><p>Our Vision</p><p>To develop Malaysia&#8217;s most successful, must-visit cultural and tourism township prime for a global market with its innovative concept and worldwide network of investors, developers, purchasers, tenants and employees forming a cohesive ecosystem of value of sustainability.</p><p>With the new developments, YTB Healthcare Sdn Bhd-one of our subsidiary company has formalized its collaboration with China&#8217;s Shenzhen Kangtai Biological Products Co Ltd by entering into a definitive agreement for the phase III clinical trials and commercialization of the latter&#8217;s Covid-19 Vaccine. Yong Tai Group will be continuing to explore cooperation opportunities with SZKT or other pharmaceutical companies to bring other types of vaccines to Malaysia. Yong Tai will be the first private company to initiate and sponsor the trials to be done in Malaysia with the Guidance and assistance from experts such as Clinical Research Organisation (CRO) and Clinical Research Malaysia (CRM) therefore the help Malaysia to achieve herd immunity soonest possible so that people&#8217;s daily lives can get back to normal, as well as the country&#8217;s economy activities shall recover.</p><p>Another development, A &#8216;Golden&#8217; Opportunity for Yong Tai, the Group&#8217;s venture into mining business is in the best interests of the company and its shareholders because of the diversification of revenue stream through the sales proceeds arising from all gold, rock materials and other mineral extracted from the land in light of the Covid-19 pandemic.&#8221;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/pharmacist-corporate-based-4599076?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4599076" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 