---
title: "Kelly Services (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Registered Staff Nurse Cum Operation Manager (Permanent)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-08 
excerpt: "Kelly Services (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Registered Staff Nurse Cum Operation Manager (Permanent) which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kelly Services (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Registered Staff Nurse Cum Operation Manager (Permanent)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Please whatapp your resume to MR FARID 0179433155 (whatapp only, faster response)</strong></div><div><strong>Please whatapp your resume to MR FARID 0179433155 (whatapp only, faster response).</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Medicine, Nursing, Pharmacy/Pharmacology or equivalent.</li><li>Required skill(s): experienced in postnatal and newborn care, cpr certification for adult and infant, good breastfeeding knowledge, Speak Mandarin, English and Bahasa Malaysia.</li><li>At least 2 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Applicants must be willing to work in Bangsar South.</li><li>Preferably Managers specializing in Healthcare - Nurse/Medical Support &amp; Assistant or equivalent.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul><div><strong>Duties &amp; Responsibilities</strong></div><div><br>&#8226; Always adhered to SOPs<br>&#8226; Assist doctor during doctor&#8217;s visit<br>&#8226; Maintains safe and clean working environment<br>&#8226; To lead and creating a positive working environment that encourage team feedback<br>&#8226; Ensure sufficient workforce<br>&#8226; Attend to customers&#8217; request, request feedback from customer<br>&#8226; Tour guide and explain package details to customers<br>&#8226; Guide customers on check in and check out process<br>&#8226; To ensure highest standard of food presentation and ensure meals are prepared on time<br>&#8226; To ensure that the highest standard of food &amp; hygiene quality and cleanliness is maintained<br>&#8226; Always report to Director/CEO<br>&#8226; To assist in any other aspects when necessary (Serve meals to customers, take care of baby etc.)</div><div>Requirements<br>&#8226; Minimum a Diploma in Nursing/Infant care<br>&#8226; Experienced in postnatal and newborn care will be an advantage<br>&#8226; CPR certification for adult and infant will be an advantage<br>&#8226; Should be patience, loving and caring to new born babies<br>&#8226; Good infant care nursing knowledge with professional image<br>&#8226; Good breastfeeding knowledge<br>&#8226; Good interpersonal and communication skills, able to work with all levels of employees<br>&#8226; Always maintain good punctuality, attendance and services<br>&#8226; Valid Annual Practice Certificate, Registered with Malaysia Nursing Board<br>&#8226; Retired matrons or nurses are encouraged to apply<br>&#8226; Able to work during weekends and public holiday<br>&#8226; Willing to work long hours when required<br>&#8226; Required language(s): Speak Mandarin, English and Bahasa Malaysia<br>&#8226; Malaysian Female</div><div><br>Benefits</div><div>&#8226; One day off &#8211; Can be any day in a week &amp; Accommodation provided</div><div>Please whatapp your resume to MR FARID 0179433155 (whatapp only, faster response).</div><div>Please whatapp your resume to MR FARID 0179433155 (whatapp only, faster response).</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Communication and Internet technology are constantly changing our lives. Our Client is providing services and technology that help their customer to stay ahead in life, whether at work, at home or at play. Our Client, is the leading Mobile Tele-Communications Service Provider in Malaysia with over 18.4 million mobile subscribers as of to date.</div><div><br>Our Client was granted licences to operate a nationwide GSM900 mobile network, a domestic fixed network and an international gateway in 1993. It commenced its mobile operations in August 1995 and launched its fixed line and international gateway operations in early 1996. Since its establishment, Our Client has been providing a full suite of services on multiple platforms to fulfil the telecommunications needs of individual consumers, SMEs and large corporations in Malaysia.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/registered-staff-nurse-cum-operation-manager-permanent-4478270?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4478270" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 