---
title: "Paspa Pharmaceuticals (Asia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Pharmacist-immediate start" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-13 
excerpt: "Paspa Pharmaceuticals (Asia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Pharmacist-immediate start which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Paspa Pharmaceuticals (Asia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Pharmacist-immediate start</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>&#160;The Pharmacist is member of the Compounding Pharmacy&#160;Team. The incumbent will be expected to take a leadership role in quality and safety&#160;and pharmacy related matters across all areas of the pharmacy and manufacturing areas.</p><p>The incumbent may also be the public face for&#160;company and will ensure the organization is highly regarded amongst customers and the medical community.</p><p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>To rapidly learn the techniques of compounding hormones</li><li>Maintain records of daily usage of the raw materials used in compounding pharmacy</li><li>Manage and maintain proper stowage of raw materials and monitoring of expiry date.</li><li>Ensure maintenance, sanitation and organization of the lab and equipment.</li><li>Handle procurement of raw materials.</li></ul><p><strong>Other Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li>Setting of SOP for compounding.</li><li>Work closely with all staff across the organization to ensure that the highest standards of quality and service are maintained.</li><li>Active engagement in business development opportunities including presenting company processes and procedures, capabilities&#160;and business and&#160;capabilities to potential customers.</li><li>Respond to inquiries from potential customers and effectively inform and educate them about the organization&#8217;s products and services.</li><li>Conduct customer consultations, which include assessing patients, reviewing medical reports, providing individual advice and course of care.</li><li>Drafting and formalizing training manuals for other pharmacy personnel within the organization</li><li>Participate in the implementation of quality improvement efforts designed to improve the pharmacy&#8217;s performance and maintain compliance with company standards.</li><li>Enhancing the organization's reputation and presence amongst the medical community through appropriate social and professional activities.</li><li>Keep abreast of the latest scientific developments and disease areas and maintain scientific, medical and pharmacy knowledge that supports the company&#8217;s research, products and services.</li><li>Evaluate developments in medical care and makes recommendations for new procedures.</li><li>Assist in all pharmacy and business areas where required</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidates who speak English will be highly regarded</li><li>Degree as recognized by the Ministry of Health. Post graduate studies preferred.</li><li>Registered with the appropriate Malaysian authorities to carry out&#160;the duties of a Pharmacist.</li><li>2 years of working experience in the pharmacy compounding pharmacy area&#160;</li><li>Good commercial acumen, analytical thinking and stakeholder management skills.</li><li>Good leadership skills with the ability to drive the establishment of the company&#8217;s business operations</li><li>Self-driven with a desire for success</li><li>Passionate about delivering high standards of customer and medical care.</li><li>Strong communication and interpersonal skills</li><li>Fluent in English and Mandarin</li></ul><p>Compounding Pharmacy&#160;</p><p>Tel: +603 80821878</p><p>Address: 36, Jalan TK 4/5, Taman Kinrara 4, 47100 Puchong, Selangor, Malaysia</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Welcome To Paspa Pharmaceuticals Asia!</strong></div>
<div>Fusing the traditional art of pharmacy compounding and modern medical methods, we work with your doctor to offer customized formulations of medications to address your unique medical needs. Working as trusted partners with physicians and patients, we believe in proactive solutions to restore health and wellness. We take pride in serving the needs of our community and are committed to ensuring good health and well-being for all.</div>
<div>Paspa Pharmaceuticals Pty Ltd was established in Australia in 1996 offering a broad portfolio of laboratory services, drug discovery capability, cosmetic ingredients, biologics, pharmaceutical compounds and finished cosmetic and pharmaceutical formulations. The company performs research and development into drug and cosmetic compound discovery manufactures and exports raw and finished cosmetic and the pharmaceutical formulation in forms such as Injectable, Tablets, Capsules, Powders, Ointments.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/pharmacist-immediate-start-4577591?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4577591" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 