---
title: "Career Scope Recruitment Consultancy Vacancies Customer Service (cum Therapist & Wellness Coach)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-16 
excerpt: "Career Scope Recruitment Consultancy is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Customer Service (cum Therapist & Wellness Coach) which positioned at Kajang/Bangi/Serdang" 
tags: [Kajang/Bangi/Serdang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Career Scope Recruitment Consultancy is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Customer Service (cum Therapist & Wellness Coach)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Our client provides a wellness treatment center located in Kajang.&#160;</p><p><span>As a Customer Service (Cum Therapist &amp; Wellness Coach) role, you are in charge to help manager/executives by providing information, services, and assistance to prospects and patients. You must be highly organized, proficient in time management, and possess excellent public speaking skills.</span></p><p><strong>DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><p><strong>COACH&#8217;S ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><ul><li><span>Follow the SOP(s) that has been set in place on supervising and caring for the patients&#8217; well-being.</span></li><li><span>In charge of a group of patients and to coach them on a weekly basis.</span></li><li><span>Organize and schedule patients' appointments.</span></li><li><span>Obtain patient&#8217;s Medical Report.</span></li><li><span>Welcome patients by greeting them in person or on the telephone.</span></li><li><span>Follow communication procedures, guidelines and policies.</span></li><li><span>Maintain safe, secure, and healthy work environment by establishing and following standards and procedures, complying with legal regulations.</span></li><li><span>Educate patients by providing medication and diet information and instructions, answering questions.</span></li><li><span>Build sustainable relationships and trust with patients through open and interactive communication.</span></li><li><span>Keeps supplies ready by inventorying stock; placing orders; verifying receipt.</span></li><li><span>Explaining treatment procedures to patients.</span></li><li><span>Provide accurate, valid and complete information by using the right methods/tools.</span></li><li><span>Handle patient enquiries, solutions and alternatives within the time limits; follow up to ensure resolution.</span></li><li><span>Take the extra mile to engage patients.</span></li></ul><p><strong>CONSULTANT&#8217;S ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><ul><li><span>Follow the SOP(s) that has been set in place from securing appointments to prospects being on-site, presentation and closing.</span></li><li><span>Actively seeking out new sales opportunities.</span></li><li><span>Set up meetings with potential clients and listen to their wishes and concerns.</span></li><li><span>Prepare and deliver appropriate presentations on products and services.</span></li><li><span>Participate on behalf of the company in exhibitions or conferences.</span></li><li><span>Review your own sales performance, aiming to meet or exceed targets.</span></li><li><span>Own and hit/exceed annual sales targets within assigned territory and accounts.</span></li><li><span>Develop and execute strategic plan to achieve sales targets and expand our customer base.</span></li></ul><p><strong>THERAPIST&#8217;S ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><ul><li><span>Evaluate the patient&#8217;s condition and needs.</span></li><li><span>Implement the appropriate rehabilitation classes or activities for the patients based on their conditions to meet their goals of recovery.</span></li><li><span>Helps patients develop or regain physical or mental functioning or adjust to disabilities.</span></li><li><span>Demonstrate, educate and advice proper home programming exercises for the patients.</span></li><li><span>Educate a patient&#8217;s family about how to accommodate and care for the patients.</span></li><li><span>Recommend special equipment, such as walking aids, and instruct patients on how to use that equipment.</span></li></ul><p><strong>REQUIREMENTS</strong></p><ul><li><span>Good communication skills in Bahasa Malaysia.</span></li><li><span>Able to communicate in English Language is a bonus. &#160;</span></li><li><span>1-5 years work experience in the medical industry as a Medical Assistant, a Nurse or a Therapist.</span></li><li><span>Be able to attend to patients&#8217; needs.</span></li><li><span>Good communication skills - Meet with customers/ clients face to face or over the phone.</span></li><li><span>Be able to advise others about products and services and value proposition and be able to respond effectively with a plan of how to meet these.</span></li><li><span>Work strategically - Reporting on successes and areas needing improvements.</span></li><li><span>A positive attitude and having an in-depth knowledge and a good understanding of business products and service.</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>CCAREER SCOPE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANCY is a boutique Recruitment Firm. We pride ourselves in continuously developing the career paths of our candidates while taking into account the direction, values and growth of our clients&#8217; companies so that all parties are satisfied.</p><p>Recruitment consultants are responsible for attracting candidates and matching them to temporary or permanent positions with client companies. They work with client companies, building relationships in order to gain a better understanding of their recruitment needs and requirements.</p><p>If you are driven, have the will to learn, are a people-person and would like to have the satisfaction in helping others get their dream jobs, then JOIN US today!!!&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kajang/Bangi/Serdang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/customer-service-cum-therapist-wellness-coach-4567131?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4567131" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 