---
title: "Netlee Software Sdn Bhd Vacancies Clinical Application Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-29 
excerpt: "Netlee Software Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Clinical Application Specialist which positioned at Shah Alam/Subang" 
tags: [Shah Alam/Subang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Netlee Software Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Clinical Application Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Company Overview:</strong>Picis Clinical Solutions is a global provider of innovative information solutions that enable rapid and sustained delivery of clinical documentation, financial, and operational results in surgical suites and intensive care units of the hospital. Picis Clinical Solutions offers an advanced suite of integrated products focused on these life-critical areas of the hospital where the patients are the most vulnerable, the care process is the most complex, and an increasing majority of hospital costs and potential revenue are concentrated. Picis, a wholly owned subsidiary of N. Harris Computer Corporation, is headquartered in Wakefield, Massachusetts. Picis Clinical Solutions has licensed systems for use at more than 400 hospitals worldwide. Picis has successfully integrated with every major Hospital Information System (HIS) in the international market, delivering powerful clinical and administrative benefits while fitting into organisations&#8217; overall IT strategies.&#160;Here in Malaysia, Netlee Software Sdn Bhd is the sole distributor of the products carried by Picis. Picis provides healthcare personnel with important patient information, and as such is a critical system which requires a skilled group of people to deliver solutions in a timely manner. We have been working in the industry for almost 20 years and have a good understanding of our user requirements, and we customise our solutions to better assist our users to&#160;maximise&#160;the potential of our product.</p><p><strong>Job Role/Description:</strong></p><ul><li>To become a product specialist for various Picis products which are focused in the Acute Care Area (ICU, OT, ED, etc.), and to apply one&#8217;s clinical knowledge and expertise to better assist clients and prospects in understanding and customising Picis solutions to their needs.</li><li>Provide clinical input and work hand-in-hand with a team of technicians, engineers, and implementers during the implementation of Picis healthcare solution projects.</li><li>Demonstrate competence in assessing learning needs, conducting training programs, and teaching clinical staff.</li><li>Establish standards of practice in the use of Picis products by existing clients to ensure high compliance and usage of Picis functionalities at client sites.</li><li>Promote product recognition in the marketplace and assist in identifying potential leads.</li><li>Creating relevant documentation and job reports.</li><li>Better remuneration package for skilled individuals.</li><li>Main office in Shah Alam, with regular visits to healthcare facilities.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Diploma/certification from a school of nursing (a degree would be an added advantage).</li><li>2-5 years of nursing/medical experience in intensive care or anaesthesia environments.</li><li>Good knowledge in computer and Information Technology or be willing to master new technology. Ability to present and demonstrate Picis product features using relatable medical terminologies and workflows in a way that a medical practitioner will understand.</li><li>Must be organised, self-motivated, and possess integrity, initiative, and excellent verbal and written communication skills in both English and Bahasa Malaysia.</li><li>Strong public speaking and presentation skills are highly desired.</li><li>Individual must conduct themselves in a diplomatic and tactful manner with professionals and non-professionals at all levels.</li><li>Demonstrate the ability to effectively communicate, problem solve, and adapt to a fast-changing environment with ease.</li><li>Possess a dedication to teamwork and commitment to excellence.</li><li>Willingness to travel and be away from home when required (interstate/country travel).</li></ul><p>We highly value people with good work ethics, positivity, and trustworthiness as we look towards expanding our family. If you believe you have the credentials, personality, and a strong desire to excel, we invite you to apply with us online or alternatively, you may submit your detailed resume, stating current and expected salary with passport-sized photograph through email to the following address:&#160;Netlee Software Sdn Bhd3D, 4th Floor, Block 1,Worldwide Business Park,Jalan Tinju 13/50, Section 13,40675 Shah Alam, Selangor.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Picis Clinical Solutions is a global provider of innovative information solutions that enable rapid and sustained delivery of clinical documentation, financial, and operational results in surgical suites and intensive care units of the hospital. Picis Clinical Solutions offers an advanced suite of integrated products focused on these life-critical areas of the hospital where the patients are the most vulnerable, the care process is the most complex, and an increasing majority of hospital costs and potential revenue are concentrated. Picis, a wholly owned subsidiary of N. Harris Computer Corporation, is headquartered in Wakefield, Massachusetts. Picis Clinical Solutions has licensed systems for use at more than 400 hospitals worldwide. Picis has successfully integrated with every major Hospital Information System (HIS) in the international market, delivering powerful clinical and administrative benefits while fitting into organisations&#8217; overall IT strategies.</p><p>Here in Malaysia, Netlee Software Sdn Bhd is the sole distributor of the products carried by Picis. Picis provides healthcare personnel with important patient information, and as such is a critical system which requires a skilled group of people to deliver solutions in a timely manner. We have been working in the industry for almost 20 years and have a good understanding of our user requirements, and we customise our solutions to better assist our users to&#160;maximise&#160;the potential of our product.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Shah Alam/Subang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/clinical-application-specialist-4550190?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4550190" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 