---
title: "BookDoc Vacancies Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-23 
excerpt: "BookDoc is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Nurse which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>BookDoc is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are seeking a Registered Nurse to provide nursing-related support for patients at their homes, including but not limited to vaccinations and health-screening. This role reports directly to the Manager (Admin).</p><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Conduct onsite and/or home visits to provide healthcare services including but not limited to vaccinations and health screening</li><li>Perform nursing procedures in the home environment. (Limited procedures)</li><li>Provide accurate evaluation and reports.</li><li>Engage and provide customer support via online chat function (as and when required)</li><li>To carry out any other duties and responsibilities as assigned.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Minimally a Diploma in Nursing with 2 years of related Nursing experience.</li><li>Home nursing experience will be ideal.</li><li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to manage the needs of a diverse group of patients.</li><li>Able to travel for home visits to patients within Klang Valley with (outstation travel will be occasionally required)</li><li>Ready to try out administrative role and provide in-office support. Computer literacy is a must.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Our company is a healthcare technology company which aim to make the healthcare ecosystem more efficient. Our company is backed by a diverse group of professionals from e-commerce entreprenuer, healthcare professionals, regulators, seasoned bankers and ICT professional. The company has grown its geographical footprint from Malaysia to Singapore, Hong Kong, Indonesia, and Thailand. We are in 5 countries and 17 cities.</div>
<div>The company is backed by a diverse group of investors from entrepreneurs to seasoned healthcare and insurance professionals, bankers, regulators as well as ICT professionals.&#160;It is available online at&#160;www.bookdoc.com, App Store, and Google Play Store.</div>
<div>BookDoc is a multi-award&#160;winning&#160;company that has won awards from CNBC as one of the World's Top 100 Startup Companies; ASEAN Summit (Business Awards 2019) as the most&#160;innovative startup in the region and also by Frost &amp; Sullivan (2015-2019) as one of the most innovative healthcare technology startups in the region.</div>
<div><strong>BookDoc on the net</strong></div>
<div><strong>BookDoc&#160;- CNBC's Top 100 Upstarts Globally:</strong>&#160;https://www.cnbc.com/2019/11/12/100-of-the-worlds-most-promising-start-ups-to-watch-in-2019.html</div>
<div><strong>BookDoc&#160;on Forbes:&#160;</strong>&#160;https://www.forbes.com/custom/2019/10/18/malaysia-moving-ahead/#bookdoc-gearing-up-for-digital-healthcare</div>
<div><strong>BookDoc&#160;- ASEAN Summit (Business Awards) 2019: </strong>https://sites.bookdoc.com/2019/11/08/bookdoc-won-the-asean-business-award-2019-for-startup-category/</div>
<div>If you are looking for a fast moving dynamic company with the aim of making positive impact in people's life, please apply now!!</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/nurse-4542243?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4542243" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 