---
title: "Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd Vacancies Resident Medical Officer (Home Care/Vaccination Centre)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-19 
excerpt: "Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Resident Medical Officer (Home Care/Vaccination Centre) which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Resident Medical Officer (Home Care/Vaccination Centre)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>Sunway Healthcare is part of the Sunway Group, one of Malaysia's largest conglomerates with core interest in property, construction, education and healthcare. The group currently runs Sunway Medical Centre, which is one of the largest private tertiary hospitals in the region with&#160;636 beds and is accredited with the Australian Council on Healthcare Standards (ACHS). The group is also building 5 more hospitals in different cities in Malaysia which will complete in stages over the next four years.</div><div>Positions available at <strong>Home Healthcare</strong> &amp; <strong>Vaccination Centre</strong> as below :-</div><div><strong>Medical Officer @ Home Healthcare (Permanent Position)&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>To implement primary care services at patient's home to&#160;provide better and holistic care to patients at home.&#160;</li><li>To provide continuous primary health care service &amp; preventive healthcare, monitor and counsel on common illnesses, chronic management of diseases and medical for patients.&#160;</li><li>Execute hospital's SOP in patient's care and good management skills in procedures.</li><li>Provide medical support to team members to facilitate quick management of patients.</li><li>Maintain professional and polite doctor - patient approach at all the time to understand patient's problem.</li><li>Assisting in the hospital's programmes and activities such as giving health/medical talks, conducting medical check up, assisting in blood donation campaign for public either on-site or off-site.&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>Medical Officer @ Vaccination Centre (Contract - 1 year)&#160;</strong></div><ul><li>Pre-vaccine assessment and counselling.</li><li>Post-vaccine assessment and management of people having an immediate adverse reaction following vaccination.</li><li>Effective communication and interpersonal skills to work in a busy vaccination clinic</li><li>Effectively work in a team and independently</li></ul><strong>Job Requirements:</strong><ul><li>Bachelor of Medicine &amp; Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS)&#160;or equivalent from a recognized institution approved by Ministry of Health Malaysia</li><li>Registered with Malaysia Medical Council<br>Possess valid Annual Practicing Certificate (APC)</li><li>Minimum 3 years&#8217; experience in primary health care/Preventive/Internal medicine. Experience in Accident &amp; Emergency (A&amp;E) will be an added advantage.&#160;</li><li>Attended various programmes ie Basic Life Support (BLS)</li><li>Possess skills on all the procedures ie. IV line setting, blood taking and catheterization.</li></ul><div><strong>Our recruitment team will reach out to shortlisted candidates only.</strong></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is a multi-disciplinary acute tertiary care hospital, located within the integrated properties of Bandar Sunway. We have established many Centres of Excellence and take pride in providing the highest standard of care and treatment to our patients. A highly-accredited hospital, we are internationally certified with the Australian Council on Healthcare Standards (ACHS) and its laboratory is the first in Malaysia to be awarded the Westgard Sigma Verification and is also certified by Standards Malaysia (MS ISO 15189).</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/resident-medical-officer-home-care-vaccination-centre-4540115?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4540115" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 