---
title: "CARDIAC VASCULAR SENTRAL (KUALA LUMPUR) SDN. BHD. Vacancies Medical Officer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-07 
excerpt: "CARDIAC VASCULAR SENTRAL (KUALA LUMPUR) SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Medical Officer which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CARDIAC VASCULAR SENTRAL (KUALA LUMPUR) SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Medical Officer</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Requirements&#160;</p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Doctorate (PhD) in Medical Science, Medicine or equivalent.</li><li>At least 5&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Senior Manager specialized in Healthcare - Doctor/Diagnosis or equivalent.</li></ul><p>Job Description</p><ul><li>Responsible for initial assessment ,requesting investigations, analysing the results, diagnotic and therapeutics procedures.</li><li>Renders profesional medical care for any patient seeking treatment in the A&amp;E Department.Medical care will be in compliance with the estrablish guidelines, policy and procedures,</li><li>Initiates prompt refferal to the Consultant as and when required by the patient's condition.</li><li>Assist the medical consultant when required immediate treatment and management of the patient in the A &amp; E department.</li><li>Provide medical support whe required to transfer a patient to another facility locally.</li><li>Provide medical support when required to transfer a patient overseas to another country.</li><li>Response to all Code Blue calls and act as the primary medical person until relieved by the medical consultant or the primary Physician.&#160;</li><li>Precribe the approaprite screening and vaccination program for patients requiring such a service.</li><li>Perform minor surgical procedures like cathererization incision drainage and etc in appropriate case.</li><li>To write medical reports on patient's condition as required for insurance, medico-legal and etc.</li><li>Take part in accrediation process, developing policies and training of staff.</li><li>Involve in clinical medical education and clinical nursing education.</li><li>To take part in merketing initiatives by the Hospital.</li><li>May asssigned to do health screening, pre-employment check-ups Health Screening Centre.</li><li>Any other duties as assigned by the management.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Cardiac Vascular Sentral (Kuala Lumpur) Sdn. Bhd. (CVSKL) is the region&#8217;s first and only private Cardiac and Vascular Centre of Excellence. CVSKL is housed with Malaysia&#8217;s most experienced and acclaimed heart and vascular specialists, who&#160;pioneered various heart procedures. Under the visionary leadership of CVSKL&#8217;s Chairman, Tan Sri Yahya (former founder of National Heart Institute (IJN) in 1992); this team of enthusiastic specialists and clinical staff have a mission to give the best treatment for the heart &#8220;with a heart&#8221;.</div>
<div>Whilst being a specialist cardiovascular and thoracic centre, CVSKL also offers services that cater to the general well-being of patients through its diabetes centre and health screening centre, Healthscan. CVSKL has 3 Operating Theatres (1 Hybrid) and 60 beds including 14 bedded ICU/CCU/CICU/HDU.</div>
<div>CVSKL is strategically located next to KL Sentral, the integrated transportation hub of the capital of Malaysia and the transfer point for major rail transit systems including the KLIA Ekspress.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/medical-officer-4458972?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4458972&sectionRank=5&token=0~dfa4c637-6b54-4bab-a71f-b4ca15c802fd&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 