---
title: "DOCTOR ANYWHERE OPERATIONS PTE. LTD. Vacancies Manager, Medical Case" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-07 
excerpt: "DOCTOR ANYWHERE OPERATIONS PTE. LTD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Manager, Medical Case which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>DOCTOR ANYWHERE OPERATIONS PTE. LTD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Manager, Medical Case</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><div><strong>About Doctor Anywhere</strong></div><div><div>Doctor Anywhere is a regional tech-enabled, omni-channel healthcare company, on a mission is to make healthcare simple, accessible, and efficient for everyone. Doctor Anywhere&#8217;s digital platform bridges gaps in the healthcare ecosystem through technology and innovation, enabling users to manage their health easily and effectively through the DA mobile app. Headquartered in Singapore with presence in 5 countries in Southeast Asia, Doctor Anywhere now serves more than one million (and growing) users in the region.</div><div>If you thrive in an environment that values disruptive thinking and innovative problem-solving, and would love to do purposeful work that can impact the community, join us in our mission to build great products to help everyone lead happier and healthier lives!</div></div></div><div><strong>The role we are hiring for</strong></div><div>We are seeking a&#160;<strong>Manager, Medical Case</strong>&#160;who will be responsible for case management (i.e. maintaining oversight of Case function for Adept Health Singapore) and clinical initiatives (i.e. providing clinical leadership for all aspects of Doctor Anywhere Malaysia service, including clinical operations and new services, etc).</div><div>The ideal candidate will have a mindset of continuous improvement and change and will demonstrate curiosity, collaboration and the ability to deal with ambiguity especially in a start-up environment.</div><div>This role reports directly to the Medical Case Director based in Singapore.&#160;</div><div>A summary of the key responsibilities and requirements are as follows:</div><div><strong>Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>Assess inpatient case assignments and recommend your decision to approve or decline Letter of Guarantee or pre-authorization requests</li><li>Work closely with Specialists, Clinics and Hospital groups in relation to the Letter of Guarantee or pre-authorization requests</li><li>Direct implementation of case service standards to ensure delivery of quality-focused, consistent cost-effective service and administration</li><li>Provide medical expertise with respect to planning and establishing goals, policies, procedures and protocols to improve medical &amp; service standards</li><li>Ensure that Doctor Anywhere Malaysia is keeping abreast and compliant with statutory, licensing and accreditation requirements</li><li>Refine and improve our service delivery at the interface between our clinical and operations teams</li><li>To act as an ambassador for Doctor Anywhere Malaysia and contribute to the wider digital health agenda as appropriate</li><li>Any other adhoc duties assigned when appropriate.</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Recognized Medical Degree (MBBS) with minimum 5 years&#8217; relevant experience as a Family Physician</li><li>Registered with the Malaysian Medical Council (MMC) / NSR &amp; possess valid APC</li><li>Experience in Insurance/ Third-Party Administrators industries will be ideal</li><li>Ability to communicate clearly in both writing and verbally</li><li>Ability to handle and mediate sensitive issues calmly, empathetically and professionally</li><li>Proficient in Microsoft Office applications</li><li>A start-up attitude &#8211; highly collaborative with an entrepreneurial, roll-up-your sleeves attitude that&#8217;s not afraid to work independently when required</li><li>Comfortable with ambiguity - we're a fast-growing business and there's always grey areas, which is part of the fun. You should be comfortable with it and understand that not everything is 100% defined all the time.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Doctor Anywhere is a regional tech-led healthcare company headquartered in Singapore. With a strong network of established healthcare providers and experienced doctors, Doctor Anywhere&#8217;s digital platform enables users to manage their health easily and effectively through the Doctor Anywhere mobile app. Users can consult a licensed local doctor anytime, anywhere, and get medication delivered to their doorsteps within hours. Medical history, health reports, and other documents are stored in-app for easy access.</div>
<div><br>
Under the DA Network clinics, users also have access to an island-wide panel of general practitioners, specialists, and allied healthcare providers.</div>
<div><br>
Complementing this ecosystem is the DA Marketplace. Users can shop for a wide range of health and wellness products and services, such as nutritional supplements, skincare products, physical therapy sessions, and even book home-based healthcare services &#8211; all in one place. Doctor Anywhere now serves more than one million, and growing, users on its online and offline platforms.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/manager-medical-case-8338745/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8338745" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 