---
title: "Integrity Partners Pte. Ltd. Vacancies CRA & SCRA" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-03 
excerpt: "Integrity Partners Pte. Ltd. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the CRA & SCRA which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Integrity Partners Pte. Ltd. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>CRA & SCRA</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Position: SCRA</strong></div><div><strong>Work Location : Klang Valley, Malaysia</strong></div><div><strong>Job Purpose</strong></div><div>a) This position is responsible for project management and study site management from site selection to initiation until monitoring and close out of assigned clinical study in accordance with our client or sponsor Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), International Conference on Harmonization Good Clinical Practice standard (ICH GCP), Clinical Practice standard (GCP) and other applicable regulations.<br>b) The position is responsible for ensuring that all data generated by the assigned sites is of high quality, on time and within budget.</div><div><strong>Responsibilities :</strong></div><div><br><strong>ROLE 1: Project Team Leadership and Management</strong><br><strong>a) Planning</strong><br>&#8226; Planning of project activities and study timelines based on project goal and sponsor&#8217;s expectation.<br><strong>b) Implementation</strong><br>&#8226; Organize and Lead meeting/teleconferences for study activities implementation (e.g. investigator meeting, project review meeting etc ), monitoring the progress of each CRA responsible sites, and assessing overall status of the project.<br>&#8226; Develop the project management plan, monitoring plan etc as required for the study.<br>&#8226; Develop study specific tools/forms, study templates as required for the study.<br>&#8226; Develop and manage project budget.<br>&#8226; Order and ensure all clinical supplies (including drug and non drug) are adequate for all sites throughout the study period.<br>&#8226; Ensure all team members have timely access to appropriate systems and tools, if applicable (e.g. IVRS, eCRF etc.)<br>&#8226; Organize and conduct site feasibility visits according to guidelines and make recommendation for final approval.<br>&#8226; Coordinate the application of specimen export permit, if applicable.<br>&#8226; Maintain and manage all project trial master files throughout the study period and coordinate the long term archiving and handover to sponsor at the end of the study.<br>&#8226; Conduct the co visit at site with CRA according to our client SOP.<br><strong>c) Tracking</strong><br>&#8226; Track study progress and ensure project is conducted according to the plan.<br><strong>d) Communication</strong><br>&#8226; Communicate to monitors new study information, study timelines and goals, study requirements.<br>&#8226; Responsible for raising overall project specific issues to management (e.g. Project Director, Senior Management).<br>&#8226; Submit the weekly project report to management (e.g. Project Director, Senior Management).<br>&#8226; Communicate to sponsor study status and key issues.<br>&#8226; Generate monthly project status report to sponsor.</div><div><strong>ROLE 2: Study Implementation</strong><br><strong>a) Site management</strong><br>&#8226; Study site selection, initiation (SIV) and clinical monitoring.<br>&#8211; Perform pre study visit to ensure eligible sites are selected according to sponsor site selection criteria, including but not limited to adequate resources and experience.<br>&#8211; Prepare and conduct SIV to ensure adequate study training for relevant site staff to proceed with study start and conduct in compliance with protocol and relevant regulations.<br>&#8211; Ensure Principal Investigator/study staff complies with safety reporting requirements, as defined in protocol, SOP, ICH GCP and GCP.<br>&#8211; Track study recruitment to ensure recruitment target is achieved in all studies.<br>&#8211; Conduct monitoring visit according to SDV plan and SOP; address issues with sites and complete monitoring visit report in a timely manner<br>coordinating.<br>&#8211; Ensure timely coordination of study materials (drug, non drug, equipment&#8217;s, CRFs) to the site for start up and throughout the study.<br>&#8211; Assemble site specific EC submission dossier, and ensure submission to EC.<br>&#8226; Training<br>&#8211; Provide ongoing training to site staff with regards to ICH GCP, GCP, study protocol and requirements.<br>&#8211; Conduct site initiation to ensure that the site has a thorough understanding of the study protocol and requirements.<br>&#8226; Documentation<br>&#8211; Ensure timely collection of essential documents in compliance with protocol and regulations at study start up, during and at study close down. Maintain and update these documents in investigator files, trial master files.<br>&#8211; Prepare/complete study records&#8217; archiving according to protocol and sponsor requirements.<br><strong>b) Drug Safety</strong><br>&#8226; Ensure safety information is disseminated to all sites according SOP and applicable regulations.<br>&#8226; Ensure SAE is reported within the timeline in compliance with SOPs and applicable regulations.<br><strong>c) Finance Administration</strong><br>&#8226; Finalize budget and obtain signed contract from site, prior to site initiation visit.<br>&#8226; Ensure Study Payment Schedule is executed and retain relevant documents/receipts.<br><strong>d) Study Tools and system</strong><br>&#8226; Update and maintain Study tools/systems in a timely manner</div><div><strong>ROLE 3: Mentoring</strong><br>a) Provide guidance and training to entry level CRA/CRA I/CRA II in collaboration with Line Manager.</div><div><strong>Minimum Qualifications :</strong></div><div><br>a) Academic/Major&#160;Bachelor degree or above in Medical, Pharmacology or Biology related major. College diploma can be accepted if the personal attributes and relevant project management experience are sufficiently justified.<br>b) Professional Skills<br>Good understanding and knowledge of Good Clinical Practice and clinical trial operation processes/ procedures. Good organization skills. Good working and proactive attitude. Value importance of teamwork. Ability to work independently .<br>c) Work Experience<br>At least two years and a half (for CRA with master degree or above) or three years of CRA experiences. Or qualified enough being assessed by LM with more than four years clinical research related experience or more than two years of clinical research management activities. Work experience on previous position at least 1 years<br>d) Language ability<br>Fluent in both written and spoken English Local languages fluency is preferred.<br>e) Computer Literacy<br>Excellent command of Microsoft offices.<br>f) Other abilities such as communication skill Information analysis skill. Knowledge and/or experience in medical practice is a plus.</div><div>Forward your CV to the following email if you are interested on the above positions to : <strong>steven@integritypl.com</strong>&#160; or send a message to <strong>+6012 2383886</strong> to enquire further about this position.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Meet Integrity. We&#8217;re a leading recruitment firm that specializes in the area of Life Sciences and Technology with over 100 years of combined experience in the industry. We&#8217;ve helped recruit the most prized talent in a wide variety of Life Science and Tech sectors.<div>With 40% of our waking time dedicated to work, we know the vital importance of how smallest actions can create the biggest impact in people&#8217;s lives. This is exactly why our friendly team of skilled experts always prioritizes actions based on core values over personal gain.</div><div>The secret to our business is personal relationships. Because People Matter.</div><div>We&#8217;ve been very fortunate to assist with the recruitment of some of the most talented and dynamic talent for many of the largest and smallest employers. These are businesses who were in need of elite recruits who possessed specific talents, unique skills and other technical disciplines.</div><div>Reach out to us to to discover even more about how we can help you with all of your recruiting needs or your own career.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/cra-scra-8380816/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8380816" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 