---
title: "SPEEDOC (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. Vacancies Staff Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-14 
excerpt: "SPEEDOC (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Staff Nurse which positioned at Johor, Penang, Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Johor, Penang, Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>SPEEDOC (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Staff Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>SPEEDOC (M) SDN. BHD.</strong></p><p><strong>www.speedoc.com</strong></p><p><strong>WE ARE EXPANDING IN MALAYSIA!</strong></p><p><strong>Who are we looking for?</strong></p><p>We are looking for Junior and Senior Nursing Professionals, both on full-time and part-time basis, or as a locum. Reporting to the Nurse Manager based in Malaysia, you will be part of the Medical Services Team and form the backbone of our company, providing the professional care and attention that our patients and partners deserve.</p><p><strong>Who are we?</strong></p><p>Founded in 2017, Speedoc was created with a mission to bring hospital-level care to the home. We provide a one-stop medical care solution for patients who require GP or A&amp;E visits for themselves or loved ones from the comfort of their home.</p><p>We want to deliver the best care experience to every person - from healing to health. Our core values of&#160;<strong>Patient First, Passionate, Progressive and Professional&#160;</strong>are demonstrated in everything that we do.</p><p>Life is multifaceted, and so is health. It is never just about recovering from an illness. It is about wellness, nutrition, enrichment, and so much more. All these are important to us. This is why we do not just offer healthcare; we offer&#160;<strong>life care</strong>.</p><p><strong>With our recent successful Series A fundraising, Speedoc is now poised to expand our innovative healthcare services to more patients. Join us as we create the most successful health-tech platform and services provider in Asia. Read more on our exciting plans&#160;</strong><strong>here</strong><strong>.</strong></p><p><strong>Job Requirements</strong></p><p><strong>Who are you?</strong></p><p>As a professionally trained Enrolled or <strong>Registered Nurse</strong>, you have completed more than 3 years of service as a nurse at a hospital, medical clinic or healthcare institution where you have developed skills in Venipuncture, NGT Insertion, IV Fluid Therapy, IDC Insertion, In-Out Catheter Insertion and Wound Dressing. If you are a Registered Nurse, in addition to the skills mentioned, you also possess skills in IV Cannulation, IM Injection, Subcutaneous Injection and perform complex Wound Dressing.&#160;</p><p>You are proud of your professional, taking pride in how you are able to provide the care that would alleviate the pain from every patient and elevate their spirits as they benefit from your professional and personal capabilities and attention.&#160;</p><p>You may have taken a short break from the profession, looking at a more flexible schedule to continue to practice as a nurse, seeking an opportunity to explore being part of a different setup where you will be providing home-based nursing care and services during your rest days, or just about any reason, come speak with us.</p><p>We have many different arrangements, from fixed 9.5 hours <strong>shifts</strong> in the morning or afternoon,&#160;night standby (10pm to 8am), weekend shifts, with 1 off-day and 1 rest-day per week for full-timers, to flexible shift arrangements for part-timers and locums, come speak with us!&#160;</p><p><strong>Hiring for positions at:</strong></p><p>HQ - KL/Selangor (Full-time/Locum)</p><p>Other - Penang/Johor (Full Time/Locum)</p><p><strong>Why are you important?</strong></p><p>Caring for our patients and partners is the core of what we do at Speedoc. As part of our Medical Services Team, you will be part of medical and healthcare professionals just like yourself, providing the care and attention that would make us one of the best, if not the best, home-based healthcare providers in Singapore, Malaysia&#160;and the region.</p><p><strong>What awaits you?</strong></p><p>You will be part of an exciting, well-funded start-up that is going places, with strategic and expansive plans in place that would disrupt how medical services are provided and set the new standards leveraging on technology and the best that the human minds can provide. And with the growth we are going on, an exciting career progression is a certainty. Also, you will be part of a very diverse group of colleagues in a very inclusive and collaborative workplace, focusing on that one important element of our business, the People and their Health.</p><p><strong>What should you do now?</strong></p><p>Update your CV, add a note if you wish to tell us more, especially on how excited you are about this opportunity. Send it across to us on this platform, and if we feel equally excited, we will be in touch!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>BRINGING HOSPITAL TO HOME</strong></p><p>With a vision of making an impact on Asia&#8217;s healthcare landscape, by making healthcare more convenient, accessible and affordable to all, Speedoc seeks to provide a full suite of tech-enabled healthcare services on demand including doctors, nurses, allied care professionals, ambulances and medication delivery.</p><p>By centralizing services, current urgent and medical-care are built on outdated access and communication models. Providers lose the fundamental aspect of health: to reduce total impact to the Patient. With the ageing population to address and improved access to technology, Speedoc built a complete end-to-end system for doctors and patients, so that house call doctor services can be provided with ease to people in the community.</p><p>With Speedoc's emphasis on cost-effectiveness and modern medical devices, home medical services need not be limited to only immobile or bed-bound patients but to everyday people who may require GP or urgent-care services.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor, Penang, Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/staff-nurse-4589813?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4589813" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 