---
title: "Manipal Hospitals Sdn Bhd Vacancies Medical Officer - Health Screening Centre" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-09 
excerpt: "Manipal Hospitals Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Medical Officer - Health Screening Centre which positioned at Klang/Port Klang" 
tags: [Klang/Port Klang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Manipal Hospitals Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Medical Officer - Health Screening Centre</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Key Responsibilities:</p><ul><li>Overall in charge of Health Screening Centre - manage and oversee the daily operation and administrative direction of health screening centre as to ensure smooth and efficient operation which is aligned with the hospital mission and vision in all aspects.</li></ul><ul><li>To provide continuous primary and preventive care, monitor and counsel on common illnesses &amp; chronic management of diseases; conducting medical, pre-employment screening &amp; student screening</li></ul><ul><li>Implementing principles of primary health care in providing access to first-level health care within the appropriate scope of practice for individuals, families, groups and communities.</li></ul><ul><li>Promoting the wellbeing and the management of chronic diseases / conditions within the primary care setting.</li></ul><ul><li>Handling comprehensive physical examination and counseling of patients with evaluation of all the investigation reports.</li></ul><ul><li>Providing personal health education by counseling individuals who seek annual medical checkup for preventive care.</li></ul><ul><li>Providing supervision, mentorship, orientation and teaching opportunities to other nursing/clinical team members in promoting program goals and objectives of health screening programs and healthy medical screening.</li></ul><ul><li>Acquiring and maintaining expertise in the management of healthy and preventive medicine guidelines consistent with MOH / clinical governance guidelines and best evidence based practices.</li></ul><ul><li>Maintaining knowledge in the referral of clients to appropriate discipline and services to assist identifying early diseases patterns.</li></ul><ul><li>Assisting in the hospital's programs and activities such as giving health / medical talks, conducting medical check-up and other CSR programs.</li></ul><p>Requirements:</p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS).</li><li>At least 7 Year(s) of working experience in primary and preventive care.</li><li>Registered with Malaysian Medical Council.</li><li>Possess valid Annual Practicing Certificate.</li><li>Working experience in assessing client needs and develop or delivers health education with multiple strategies focusing on health promotion.</li><li>Able to develop, implement and maintain decision-support tools specific to the clinic, and works with other programs or systems on tools and/or protocols addressing broader issues outside health screening program.</li><li>Possess team leadership with business understanding and strategic orientation of general clinic practice.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Manipal Hospital, Malaysia is a multispecialty hospital with focus on delivering exceptional healthcare services at par with the international standards. Our state of the art facilities and experienced doctors are focused on providing that one essential element that is a must for any hospital &#8211; Complete care. Manipal Hospital, Malaysia derives its ethos from Manipal Hospitals, which has placed its belief in the credo "Clinical Excellence, Patient Centricity and Ethical Practices". Therefore, every effort has its essence derived from the above philosophy.</strong></div>
<div><strong>&#160;<strong>Our expertise is derived from the World-class doctors who specialize in their particular fields for optimal diagnosis and treatment of the patients. This, coupled with the modern infrastructure has transformed us to be an extraordinary player in the field of healthcare. We measure our worth by the medical outcomes, patient satisfaction, doctor satisfaction and staff satisfaction. This has enabled us to deliver the best at every stride of our journey.</strong></strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Klang/Port Klang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/medical-officer-health-screening-centre-4460037?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4460037&sectionRank=8&token=0~ac411036-0be5-4354-b179-c7f28787ebbe&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 