---
title: "DAEHAN REHABILITATION SERVICES SDN BHD Vacancies Staff Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-09 
excerpt: "DAEHAN REHABILITATION SERVICES SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Staff Nurse which positioned at Putrajaya" 
tags: [Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>DAEHAN REHABILITATION SERVICES SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Staff Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>JOB SUMMARY</strong></p><p>To provide direct comprehensive nursing care for patients as assigned. This includes provision of supportive care, collaboration with other healthcare providers/services and navigation of total patients care from admission till discharge. The Registered Nurse shall demonstrate professional and evidence &#8211; based practices.</p><p><strong>DUTIES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><p><strong>Direct Comprehensive Care</strong></p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To apply an integration of nursing theory, clinical and evidence based practices in providing holistic care for patients and their families, visitors.</p><p>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To conduct a thorough nursing assessment of patient&#8217;s physical, psycho-social, cultural and spiritual needs.</p><p>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To formulate, implement and document a holistic plan of nursing care that is communicated and clarified with the patient / family.</p><p>4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To prioritize and organize diagnostic tests and procedures.&#160;</p><p>5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To demonstrate &#8220;hands on&#8221; clinical skills specific to his/her area of practice.</p><p>6.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To ensure all patients are treated as individuals, irrespective of color or creed. Displays sensitivity to individuals&#8217; religious and cultural practices.</p><p>7.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To evaluate patient responses to interventions in order to determine progress toward achieving expected outcomes and modify the nursing plan of care accordingly.</p><p>8.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To provide a comprehensive report when transferring accountability of a patient&#8217;s care to another nurse and / or facility.</p><p>9.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To document patient history, physical examination data, nursing care plan and interventions and the patient&#8217;s responses in the medical record in a timely manner in accordance with nursing standard operating procedures (SOP).</p><p>10.&#160;&#160;To be accountable for own professional actions.</p><p><strong>Supportive Care</strong></p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To establish a caring and therapeutic relationship with patients demonstrating trust, respect and honesty.</p><p>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To demonstrate excellent communication skills during all phases of the therapeutic relationship.</p><p>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To create a positive environment by listening and offering support and maintaining confidentiality at all times.</p><p>4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To assist patients to identify psycho-social needs, concerns and offers appropriate resources through information provision, education and referrals.</p><p>** <strong>To perform other related duties as assigned by superior.</strong></p><p><strong>JOB SPECIFICATION</strong></p><p><strong>ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION</strong></p><p>Diploma in Nursing / Bachelor of Nursing.</p><p>Obtain valid Annual Practicing Certificate (APC)</p><p><strong>MINIMUM EXPERIENCE REQUIRED</strong></p><p>Min 2 years experience or Newly qualified registered nurse</p><p>Good interpersonal &amp; communication skills&#160;&#160;</p><p>Must maintain confidentiality</p><p>Able to work with all levels of staff &amp; willing to work shift duty</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Daehan Rehabilitation Services Sdn Bhd was set up in 2016 to provide premium restorative healthcare services specialising in central nervous system rehabilitation, such as stroke or traumatic brain injury, with one-on-one personalized professional rehabilitation therapy.</p><p>In 2019, a 330-bed Daehan Rehabilitation Hospital will commence patient care services at IOI Resort City, Putrajaya, Malaysia. This shall be followed by another 2 to 3 more new hospitals in Asia in the next 5 years, positioning Daehan as a leading Asian brand in rehabilitation.</p><p>Daehan Rehabilitation Hospital shall offer a comprehensive range of rehabilitation and nursing care services, facilities and advanced medical technologies for outpatient and inpatient specialty care. These are coupled with a strong support system comprising of dedicated personnel including rehab physicians, physiotherapists, occupational therapists and speech therapists trained at partnering rehabilitation hospitals in South Korea.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/staff-nurse-4529580?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4529580" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 