---
title: "MAA MEDICARE CHARITABLE FOUNDATION Vacancies Staff Nurse - Dialysis Centre" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-20 
excerpt: "MAA MEDICARE CHARITABLE FOUNDATION is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Staff Nurse - Dialysis Centre which positioned at Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Selangor" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MAA MEDICARE CHARITABLE FOUNDATION is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Staff Nurse - Dialysis Centre</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Maintain a safe environment for the patients.</li><li>Evaluate and treat patients.</li><li>Provide pre- and post-operative nursing care and general nursing care to patients at the ward and other clinical areas.</li><li>Timely identification and communication of any issues to the Nurse Manager.</li><li>Compliance to all of the Centre&#8217;s policies and guidelines.</li><li>Record of all necessary documentation in the patient&#8217;s records while maintaining the confidentiality of patient information at all times.</li><li>Educate patients and their families and support patients&#8217; lifestyle changes.</li><li>Effectively manage complaints.</li><li>Monitor all risk management processes and participate in Quality initiatives.</li><li>Participate in all nursing communication processes and improvement initiatives.</li><li>Other duties that may be assigned.</li></ul><p><strong>Essential Functions:</strong></p><ul><li>Provide direct care to assigned patients.</li><li>Take nursing history, summarized data, state nursing diagnoses and patient care needs.</li><li>Observe and record signs, symptoms, and behaviours of patients as well as an assessment of changes, and notify nurse manager and/or doctor of changes in patient's status.</li><li>Follow policy for admitting new patients and activating the plan of care.</li><li>Deliver designated nursing interventions to assigned patients in line with the medical care plan and as instructed by the doctor.</li><li>Perform admission, discharge and transfer procedures.</li><li>Execute physician's orders for all assigned patients and properly administer medications as instructed.</li><li>Independently perform duties and assume responsibility for the care of assigned patients.</li><li>Carry out proper aseptic techniques, isolation procedures, and infection control measures, disposals according to established protocols.</li><li>Document nursing care in all assigned patient records, including re-assessments and instructions from the doctor on a revision of interventions, if any.</li><li>Ensures that the equipment, and other related support infrastructure, is well maintained in the area of responsibility, regularly cleaned and checked according to requirements.</li><li>Maintain patient's privacy and confidentiality of information and records at all times.</li><li>Evaluate care given including the patient response.</li><li>Adhere to internal controls established for the department and provide care in line with International Patient Safety Goals.</li><li>Participate in the Centre&#8217;s Quality management and accreditation processes.</li><li>Adhere to hospital policies and procedures in all aspect of care, human resources, health &amp; safety, familiarize with Fire and Disaster Plans and their implementation.</li><li>Report all accidents and incidents as laid down in-hospital procedures. Participate in the investigation and remedial action.</li><li>Perform related duties as required and other tasks that may be assigned from time to time.</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirement:</strong></p><ul><li>Minimum Diploma/Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Nursing / Medical Assistant</li><li>Fresh graduates are encouraged to apply.</li><li>Staff Nurse certified with Renal Post Basic is encouraged to apply (Post Basic Allowance RM500 per month).</li><li>Team player, pleasant personality with good interpersonal skill.</li><li>Able to work in a dynamic environment and be flexible and open to changes.</li><li>Possess a valid Annual practising Certificate (APC).</li></ul><p><strong>Current Opening Location:</strong></p><p>Pusat Dialisis Amal MAA Medicare &#8211; Jln Ipoh / Cheras</p><p>Pusat Dialisis Amal JB Lions MAA Medicare &#8211; Johor Bharu, Johor</p><p>Pusat Dialisis Amal MAA Medicare &#8211; Bercham, Perak&#160;</p><p>Pusat Dialisis Amal MAA Medicare &#8211; Kota Kinabalu, Sabah</p><p>Pusat Dialisis Amal MAA Medicare &#8211; Kuching, Sarawak</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>The MAA Medicare Charitable Foundation is a non-governmental organization established in 1994. Our mission is to ease the financial burden of kidney patients and their families by providing affordable access to quality dialysis, healthcare and medication at a subsidized cost. In realizing of our mission of Saving Lives of our patients, we are expanding our organization and would like to invite individuals with passion and interest of helping needy patients to be part of our team.</div>
<div><strong>Mission</strong>
<ul>
<li>To make affordable dialysis treatment, accessible to underprivileged Malaysians, and to strive to be the recognized leader, in this sphere of medical treatment.</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>Goals</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>To ease the financial burden of needy patients suffering from renal failure, by offering affordable and accessible kidney dialysis treatment, at highly subsidized cost.</li>
<li>To develop a high level of appropriate skills, education and experience, amongst its medical and non-medical team,&#160; to ensure that the charity will consistently deliver the highest level of dialysis care and services.</li>
<li>To educate the public about the need to maintain a healthy life style in order to mitigate the risk of renal failure.</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/staff-nurse-dialysis-centre-4532521?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4532521" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 