---
title: "Pantheon Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Medical Scientific Liaison" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-05 
excerpt: "Pantheon Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Medical Scientific Liaison which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Pantheon Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Medical Scientific Liaison</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>KOL Management &amp; Medical Support-With one of our leading client&#160;<br>&#8226; Develop peer to peer scientific relationships, assess advocacy (degree of Medical Expert un-derstanding and agreement with medical platform statements) and contributions (activities in which Medical Experts are independently qualified to engage or collaborate with the organi-zation), and respond to unsolicited requests for scientific information using approved, non-promotional materials with Medical Experts/Key Stakeholders, Health Care Professionals (HCPs) and decision makers.<br>&#8226; Contribute to identification and mapping of Medical Experts/key stakeholders in line with local strategies.<br>&#8226; Provide and discuss scientific information and data with HCPs to ensure quality and accuracy of medical and scientific information on new treatment options including Novartis products and selected areas of therapeutic interest.<br>&#8226; Liaise and provide up-to-date medical support to relevant external groups to ensure evidence based understanding of Novartis products relative to medical guidelines, and health economic information.<br>&#8226; Provide speaker training to HCPs to support education to the healthcare community about new therapies developed and commercialized by Novartis.<br>Scientific Research Support<br>&#8226; Provide scientific educational activities to support study accrual for key trials as appropriate.<br>&#8226; Provide feasibility and research site recommendation for Novartis sponsored clinical trials.<br>&#8226; Collaborate with ICRO team and Medical Advisors, to support clinical sites, including provid-ing guidance in accordance with guidelines, Novartis Internal Policies, and regulations as ap-propriate.<br>&#8226; Increase awareness of Novartis clinical research program to enhance patient identification and trial accrual<br>&#8226; Upon investigator request, liaise between potential researcher and the Company on IIT sub-mission process or requests for research grade substance (Material Transfer Agreements) to support independent clinical/preclinical research.<div><br>Scientific Exchange/Insights<br>&#8226; Engage in scientific discussions related to Novartis research areas/compounds/pipeline with MEs, speakers &amp; investigators.<br>&#8226; Support scientific exchange to advance understanding of new scientific principles, novel re-search trends, and current scientific debate.</div>Key Performance Indicators<br>&#8226; Development and support of Key Opinion Leaders for particular brands<br>&#8226; Provide field force training<br>&#8226; Number of presentations/meetings held with customers<br>&#8226; Successfully developing guidelines and protocols.<div>Job Requirements<br>&#8226; MD, PharmD, pharmacist, PHD and other life sciences with solid medical/technical background.<br>&#8226; Proven competencies influencing skills<br>&#8226; Fluent in English &amp; Local Language (oral and written)<br>&#8226; Proven ability to develop and foster peer-to-peer, credible relationships in order to educate and negotiate KOL/decision makers.<br>&#8226; Working knowledge of the Healthcare System and of the research procedures as well as the ICH guidelines, GCP and other ethical guidelines relevant to the pharmaceutical industry.<br>&#8226; Thorough knowledge of clinical medicine, disease management, and medical research in therapeutic area of interest<br>&#8226; Ability to synthesize recent scientific information, analyze them within strategic and regulatory settings.<br>&#8226; Proven ability to use IT tools and interface effectively with a variety of technical platforms.<br>&#8226; Strong personal integrity and customer focus.<br>&#8226; Excellent interpersonal communication, negotiation and advanced presentation skills.<br>&#8226; Effectively contribute to work on multifunctional teams. 9. Must be able to adapt, organize, prioritize, and work effectively in a constantly changing field-based environment.<br>Additional Details</div>&#8226; Years of experience required: Prefer some experience with healthcare industry but fresh candidates can be considered as well<br>&#8226; Minimum education required: MBBS/MD/PhD in life sciences/Masters or any other advance degree in life sciences<br>&#8226; The role is for Malaysia &amp; Brunei at the moment, fluency in English is mandatory, additional local languages are an advantage<br>&#8226; Hands on with MS Office, MS Teams. Considering the current pandemic the interaction with HCPs will be virtual most of the time so candidates must be able to adapt and learn our digital tools e.g. CRM and Veeva engage etc</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Pantheon was founded by technology and business experts who are pioneers in the field of software engineering, both in the commercial space and academia.</div>
<div>
	Our flagship product Odyssey is used by many Fortune 500 multi-national companies around the world. Odyssey is actively used in 13 countries spanning many continents.</div>
<div>
	Pantheon puts science to work by creating innovative products and solutions that have proved to be increasingly critical to business success. This is accomplished by helping organizations manage change, manage lifecycle of information assets, and meet compliance and audit challenges. Our aim is to help our customers meet their goals through expertise, efficiency and sound decision-making in everything we do. We have the ability to innovate in response to market needs, drawing on our experience and top quality technical talents.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/medical-scientific-liaison-4456480?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4456480&sectionRank=5&token=0~b5fdd13d-f55c-48e3-9207-e97bd148decb&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 