---
title: "BUCM Healthcare Sdn Bhd Vacancies Marketing Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-16 
excerpt: "BUCM Healthcare Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Marketing Manager which positioned at Subang Jaya" 
tags: [Subang Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>BUCM Healthcare Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Marketing Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Reporting to the Head of Project, the role of Marketing Manager is to plan and manage the promotion of BHSB Healthcare&#8217;s brand and services to the healthcare professionals, insurance companies, corporate clients, consumers and strategic partners to meet financial goals of the company.</p><p><strong>Key Responsibilities and Deliverables</strong></p><ol><li>Gather market intelligence to help identify market segments and opportunities.</li><li>To plan, prepare and deliver the Marketing Plan within dateline and good for execution.</li><li>Responsible for the planning, developing, directing, coordinating, and evaluating organization's marketing strategies and plans to achieve financial goals&#160;during implementation.</li><li>Strong grasp of current marketing tools and strategies and be able to lead integrated digital marketing campaigns from concept to execution.</li><li>Lead the development of website, social media marketing and marketing collaterals.</li><li>Responsible for planning marketing/PR-related projects/events, and managing external agencies, partners and vendors.</li><li><span>Develop, draft and distribute media releases/advertisements that meet the marketing strategy of the company&#160;and in compliance&#160;with relevant internal and external policies and&#160;guidelines.</span></li><li>Devise and&#160;execute sales and marketing strategies including but not limited to:</li></ol><ul><li>Referral strategy &#8211; gain acceptance and referrals from healthcare professionals for transitional care services</li><li>B2B strategy &#8211;&#160;develop and promote corporate health and wellness programs</li><li>Collaboration strategy&#160;&#8211;&#160;build strategic partnership with insurance company</li><li>Consumer strategy &#8211;&#160;develop strategies to reach consumers&#160;and promotion of medical tourism to other SEA countries.</li></ul><p><strong>&#160;Qualifications and Skills</strong></p><ol><li>Degree in Marketing, Health Sciences or Public Relation.</li><li>Minimum 5 years of marketing and networking experience in healthcare, pharmaceutical or related industry.</li><li>Ability to foster and maintain good relationships with internal and external stakeholders.</li><li>Passion for innovation and quality.</li><li>Good analytical, problem solving, planning and organizational skills.</li><li>Tenacity and drive to seek new business and meet or exceed targets.</li><li>Ability to multitask and prioritize workload.</li><li>Initiative and the confidence to start things from scratch.</li><li>Highly&#160;collaborative and team orientated whilst able to work autonomously.</li><li>Able to travel for work.</li><li>Ability to empathize with and treat others with dignity and respect.</li><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Proficient in English, Mandarin and Bahasa Melayu.</li></ol></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are a newly established Wellness and Consultancy Company providing Technical Service, Project management and Operation management. Our wellness recovery and rehabilitation is based on the adoption of Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) as core value in pre &amp; post-hospitalized recovery treatments, and chronic disease patients management. Over these years, many people are getting more health-conscience but somehow still lack of knowledge in the application of TCM. Hence, we are here to create greater awareness among 30 million Malaysian towards the effectiveness of Traditional Chinese Medicine through our awareness campaign that will be launched in the near future. Through our strategic cooperation with our business partner in China, we are able to provide various types of TCM services, which include sports injury, spine injury, strained muscles &amp; overexertion, restricted body movement &amp; old injuries, work related strains &amp; stress, weight control acupuncture, face acupuncture, stroke acupuncture, oncology recovery, cupping, back pain, insomnia, depression, anxiety, migraines, weight loss, gynecology, pediatrics, orthopedic, dermatology, neurology, post-natal, stroke rehabilitation, diabetes, high blood pressure, kidney disease, physiotherapy, osteopathy, chiropractic, hydrotherapy and etc,</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Subang Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/marketing-manager-4591622?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4591622" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 