---
title: "QQ Resources Sdn Bhd Vacancies Sales & Marketing Representative (Oral Healthcare)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-02 
excerpt: "QQ Resources Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Sales & Marketing Representative (Oral Healthcare) which positioned at Puchong" 
tags: [Puchong] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>QQ Resources Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Sales & Marketing Representative (Oral Healthcare)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>1. Meet marketing and sales financial objectives set by developing, implementing, and evaluating marketing campaigns, trade promotion programs and field sales action plans.</p><p>2. Identify marketing opportunities by understanding the consumer requirements; market trends, competitor's share, strengths and weaknesses. 3. Contributes information, ideas, and research to help develop marketing strategies.</p><p>4. Analysis trends, data, demographics, pricing strategies, and other information that can potentially improve marketing and sales performance. 5. Forecasting projected business; establishing targeted market share.</p><p>6. Develop and maintain good rapport with key accounts by making periodic visits; exploring specific needs; getting customers&#8217; feedback; anticipating new opportunities.</p><p>7. Cultivates new and expanded sales prospects and customer opportunities to achieve sales growth of the products</p><p>8. Responsible for detailing and sales development in Oral healthcare product particularly in kids &amp; adult toothbrush.</p><p>9. Required to cold call potential customers, detailing and selling oral health care products to healthcare professionals.</p><p>10. Promote company&#8217;s products, conducting sales visits and products presentation.</p><p>11. Protects organization's value by keeping information confidential.</p><p>12. Keep oneself updated of the oral health care industry trends.</p><p>13. Other tasks as assigned by the supervisor.</p><p>Requirement :</p><p>1. Experience, knowledge and network in dental clinic distributorship sales management and hospital-channel sales is required.</p><p>2. Candidate must possess at least a Degree in Marketing, Business Administration, Science or equivalent.</p><p>3. 1 - 2 years&#8217; experience in sales &amp; marketing, preferable in dealing with Dental, Healthcare Professional Communities (HPCs), retail pharmacies, private and government hospitals as well as institutions nationwide.</p><p>4. Develop positive working relationship with KOLs within the HCP communities.</p><p>5. Experienced in implementing new marketing campaigns, strategies, and plan.</p><p>6. Traveling to outstation and overseas for work may be required.</p><p>7. An inquisitive and positive attitude that enjoys a challenge</p><p>8. Excellent language skills and can handle public relations.</p><p>9. Possesses entrepreneur spirit is an advantage.</p><p>10. Candidates from other medical-related field who are looking to transition their career and knowledge into selling Oral Health care (FMCG) product are encourage to apply.</p><p>We Provide:</p><p>1. Attractive remuneration package</p><p>2. Positive working environment</p><p>3.&#160;Long term career growth</p><p>4. Unique career advancement opportunities. Possible move up to Product Specialist, Sales Manager and even to overseas export market</p><p>5. Working Benefits: Transport Allowance, Toll &amp; Parking, Phone Bill and weekly Team Building activities on differences and technicality.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>We are a group of companies with few offices located in Malaysia, Singapore, China and Taiwan.</p><p>QQ Resources Sdn Bhd has been established since 1997. It is a trading arm for the group of companies and is located in Puchong, Malaysia. We specialize in distributing of Oral Health Care, Hair Care, Travelling Accessories, Cosmetic and Beauty Accessories to the local dentist clinics, supermarkets, baby stores, toy stores and major online platforms. Our products are imported from Korea and Japan. We are the sole distributor for Kerasys brand products. AEKYUNG whom is the Korea 2nd largest FMCG company is one of the suppliers that we work with.</p><p>Our Toothbrush manufacturing plant is located in Ipark, Kulai, Johore. It is an ISO and GMP certified factory with it own R&amp;D division. We are innovative in developing new products ,new concepts, new designs of kids and adult toothbrush. The FAFC brand has been partnered with international brands to develop fun &amp; alive premium kids toothbrush with the aim to achieve community lifelong healthy oral habits. We are the Licensee of Korea No 1 character Pororo, The Little Penguin and Robocar Poli.</p><p>We have more than 50 employees working for our group of companies. We service and direct distribute to local &amp; oversea clients such as Aeon, Wellness Aeon, Aeon Big, Giant Hypermarket &amp; Cold Storage, Tesco, Guardian, Watson with more than 500 stores nationwide.</p><p>FAFC (Singapore) Pte Ltd is the HQ of the group of companies located in Singapore. It is our South East Asia Region distribution center for FAFC brand toothbrush to global market. We export to Thailand, Vietnam,&#160;China and Taiwan.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Puchong. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/sales-marketing-representative-oral-healthcare-4494805?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4494805" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 