---
title: "Simon Consultancy Pte Ltd Vacancies Health Care Executive (Operations)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-08 
excerpt: "Simon Consultancy Pte Ltd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Health Care Executive (Operations) which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Simon Consultancy Pte Ltd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Health Care Executive (Operations)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>You will join as a <strong>Health Care Executive (Operations)</strong>&#160;to perform basic nursing activities which include monitoring and documenting pulse rate, temperature, respiration rate and oxygen saturation; assist the patients in their daily living activities for example, feeding, turning patients and transporting patients.</div><div>Responsibilities:</div><ul><li>Provide basic nursing and health services such as monitoring of vital signs and medication reminder service.</li><li>Render assistance where required and within their job scope such as providing emotional support.</li><li>Provide light housekeeping, companionship, grocery shopping, meals preparation (warming of food), medical escort, personal hygiene (showering / bed bath), physical maintenance exercises, elder-sitting, respite care, oral feeding, toileting and elimination needs, medication reminder to clients.</li><li>Report to Registered Nurse on client's progress including filling up incident report.</li></ul><div><div>Requirements:</div><ul><li>Passionate in working with elderly, willing to learn</li><li>Good understanding of working with older persons</li><li>Basic computer skills</li><li>Ability to speak basic English and one other language</li><li>Candidates without relevant working experience can also be considered</li><li>On-the-job training will be provided</li><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree in any field.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Company Profile:</strong></div><div><br>Simon Consultancy Pte Ltd is a licensed employment agency by the Ministry of Manpower since 2009. We are established with an ultimate goal to support our clients to address the countless human resource challenges in today&#8217;s competitive market. We aim to exceed customer expectations through our strategic screening of potential candidates. We take our daily experience as part of our learning curve and we are committed to educate our customers with all the knowledge we had in this industry. We are obliged to assist our candidates to fulfill their career aspirations.</div><div>We draw from our own experience as field practitioners and candidates to provide prompt, practical and quality services to our clients and candidates. Our practice is built on integrity and trust and we are committed to protect our clients' and candidates' interests and safeguard all confidential information.</div><div><strong>Our Vision:</strong></div><div>To be a recognised market leader for recruitment in all industries.</div><div><strong>Our Mission:</strong></div><div>We strive to be the preferred partner in the field of Human Resource for our valued clients and aim to build symbiotic relationships across the world.</div><div><strong>Our Values:</strong></div><ul><li>Team Work<ul><li>We believe in working hand in hand together in order to achieve more.</li></ul></li><li>Integrity &amp; Ethnics<ul><li>We shall uphold the highest level of both personal and professional ethnics, with pride and honesty.</li></ul></li><li>Responsibility<ul><li>We strive to fulfil our commitments and obligations to our valued clients and colleagues with sense of urgency and accountability.</li></ul></li><li>Care for our People<ul><li>We care for our people as they are our greatest asset and key to our success.</li></ul></li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/health-care-executive-operations-8388935/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8388935" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 