---
title: "Genesis IVF & Women's Specialist Centre Vacancies Centre Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-04 
excerpt: "Genesis IVF & Women's Specialist Centre is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Centre Manager which positioned at George Town" 
tags: [George Town] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Genesis IVF & Women's Specialist Centre is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Centre Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Overall Management</strong>:</p><p>To position the Centre as the preferred choice for IVF and Women&#8217;s treatment services and to oversee the continuous improvement in the following area:</p><ul><li>Efficiency and effectiveness of the Centre&#8217;s entire operations, including but not limited to:</li></ul><ol><li>Clinical and Ward services;</li><li>Dispensing of Drugs including stock keeping, stock records maintenance and stock taking;</li><li>Smooth running of the Operating Theatre and Laboratories;</li><li>Nursing Care and Patient Care; and</li><li>Other ancillary services and activities.</li></ol><ul><li>Integrity of Data &#8211; safeguarding with proper upkeep, maintenance and filing of the Patients&#8217; Records.</li><li>Ensuring that the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) are established, implemented and constantly updated/enhanced and to ensure that all medical and non-medical staff adhere strictly to the SOPs.</li><li>Customer Service, Public Relations &amp; Communications</li><li>Community Services &amp; Volunteer Programmes.</li><li>All other operational activities that would benefit the Centre.</li></ul><p><strong>Administration &amp; Operations</strong>:</p><ul><li>To be responsible for the smooth administrative operations of the Centre by establishing, implementing and continuously enhancing the Centre&#8217;s SOPs and ensuring strict adherence by all.</li><li>To participate in the development and implementation of Centre&#8217;s Quality and Risks Management strategies and ensuring that the Centre is kept current with all documentation and processes.</li><li>To develop and maintain good relationship with the Centre&#8217;s business partners and alliances.</li><li>To oversee corporate communications activities, including but not limited to internal/external communications and systems, public relations efforts and dealing with external vendors and consultants.</li><li>To assist in the liaison with external parties e.g. bankers, company secretary, legal firm, etc., where necessary and to ensure compliance to the local and federal authorities.</li></ul><p><strong>HR &amp; Staff Development</strong>:</p><ul><li>To plan the workforce requirement in accordance to needs and also in compliance to the requirements by the Ministry of Health Malaysia (MOH).</li><li>To assist in recruitment exercise including facilitating the recruitment of consultants.</li><li>To attend to all HR issues including but not limited to attending to labour office issues.</li><li>To provide counselling and training to both nursing team and administrative team.</li><li>To encourage team managers to develop their staff by continuously training their staff and inspiring them to attend internal and external courses and conferences.</li><li>To involve groups to work together cooperatively by enlisting active involvement; creating a climate for respect and openness, and applying effective techniques for the Centre so as to achieve the corporate objectives.</li><li>Other responsibilities include, but are not limited to training employees; planning, assigning and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employee(s); addressing departments complaints, resolving problems and retaining the company&#8217;s good employees.</li></ul><p><strong>Marketing</strong>:</p><ul><li>To create awareness and eventually grow the business and profitability of the Centre and ensuring sustained growth through short and mid-term plans and carrying out the strategic plans of the Board.</li><li>To be responsible for creating, recommending and implementing new marketing concepts and promotions including pricing models, technology trends and competitive strategies, and measuring the success of such programmes and activities, that will enhance the image and position of the Company.</li><li>To ensure all marketing efforts support corporate goals, and are in harmony with other operational goals.</li></ul><p><strong>Finance</strong>:</p><ul><li>To ensure that all charges are properly billed to Patients for all services with accuracy and completeness.</li><li>To monitor and assist in the collections and banking of revenue receipts.</li><li>To ensure that proper documentation is done for requisition of all items with valid justification(s) &#8211; both administrative, medical, drugs and consumables &#8211; with documentation for delivery and invoicing.</li><li>To verify all claims and expenses for accuracy, validity of expense incurred and approving them within your limit of authority.</li><li>To check and arrange for subsequent payments to hospitals, doctors and vendors (if any).</li><li>To ensure that all stocks are accounted and to enforce strict measures to avoid any discrepancies.</li><li>To assist and oversee the development, compilation and monitoring of budgets and forecasts.</li></ul><p><strong>Other matters</strong>:</p><ul><li>To enhance professional growth and development through reading of relevant literature and attending appropriate both local and international seminars and conference.</li><li>To perform all other duties as assigned by the Management, the Managing Director and the Board of Directors, or incidental to the work as described above.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Established in June 2017, Genesis IVF is strategically located in the historical UNESCO World Heritage City, George Town, Penang, within a newly developed luxurious shopping hub &#8211; Gurney Paragon Mall. Genesis IVF is positioned as a one-stop centre of excellence for fertility treatments that is focused on providing personalised high-quality fertility care to deliver every couple&#8217;s dream to conceive.</p><p>Dr. Ng Peng Wah, a renowned and familiar name in this region&#8217;s IVF industry, has over 28 years of experience in reproductive health. With his talent and experience, he has numerous successes to his name. Co-founded and led by him, Genesis IVF has quickly become an undisputed leading IVF centre in the medical tourism industry.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in George Town. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/centre-manager-4455003?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4455003&sectionRank=5&token=0~1b653b48-c70c-4213-ba04-3d1cb94480c6&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 