---
title: "Penang Adventist Hospital Vacancies Cardiovascular Technologists" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-22 
excerpt: "Penang Adventist Hospital is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Cardiovascular Technologists which positioned at Penang" 
tags: [Penang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Penang Adventist Hospital is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Cardiovascular Technologists</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><div>Cardiovascular Technologist serve as cardiovascular assistants to physicians. The main description of a Cardiovascular Technologist is to aid physicians in diagnosis and treatment of heart, lung, and blood vessel disorders by conducting invasive and non-invasive diagnostic tests of cardiovascular and pulmonary systems; maintaining equipment; recording test results.</div><div><strong>DUTIES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></div><ul><li>Conducts electrocardiogram, phonocardiogram, echocardiogram, and stress tests by using electronic test equipment, recording devices, and laboratory instruments.</li><li>Assists physicians with cardiac cauterizations by operating multi-channel physiologic monitor; measuring and recording functions of cardiovascular and pulmonary systems of patient during cardiac cauterizations; alerting physicians to instrument readings outside normal ranges during the procedures; and providing test results.</li><li>Helps physicians with diagnosis of pulmonary disorders by conducting tests of pulmonary systems using spirometer and other respiratory testing equipment if needed.</li><li>Provides information by maintaining Cath laboratory records, such as, examinations performed and findings;</li><li>Maintains cardiology and pulmonary equipment and supplies by cleaning and adjusting equipment; troubleshooting problems; ensure preventive maintenance is done; reporting equipment malfunctions; arranging for repairs; maintaining supply inventory levels; completing and placing supply requisitions; restocking supply storeroom.</li><li>Maintains quality results by following standards and procedures; submitting reports to manager.</li><li>Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities;</li><li>Serves and protects the health care facility by adhering to professional standards, policies and procedures, and local requirements, and Joint Commission International Accreditation requirements.</li><li>Enhances health care organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.</li><li>Monitors patient progress; identify &amp; act on changes to insure patient comfort and safety;</li><li>Adheres to hospital policy in correctly identifying patients and in labeling their charts/documents or specimens;</li><li>Registers and identify patients by confirming patient identification using two identifiers; reviewing consultation orders; checking for special instructions; consulting with the physician; entering anticipated services to patient log.</li><li>Comforts patients and their families by answering questions; responding to requests; explaining equipment and testing procedures; instructing and assisting patient in assuming physical position for examination.</li></ul></div><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS</strong></div><ul><li>Degree in Cardiovascular Technology or</li><li>Possess Graduate Certificate in Cardiovascular &amp; Thoracic Sciences (CVTS) with the following qualification : Degree in Biomedical Science, Degree or Diploma in Nursing, Diploma in Medical Assistant or its equivalent</li><li>For Nursing background, valid registration with a current valid annual practising certificate (APC) under Malaysian Nursing Board is an added advantage</li><li>Possess valid Basic Life Support (BLS) certification (Advanced Cardiovascular Life Support certification is an advantage)</li><li>Theoretical knowledge and practical experience in current Cardiovascular Technology practices</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Penang Adventist Hospital, a Malaysian Society for Quality in Health (MSQH) accredited hospital, is the first hospital in Malaysia to be accredited by the Joint Commission International (JCI). Established in 1924, the pioneer not-for-profit private hospital in Malaysia, has grown from a community mission hospital to a tertiary regional medical centre. We are part of an international network of more than 500 hospitals and healthcare facilities within the Adventist Health system including the renowned Loma Linda University Medical Centre, California and Florida Hospital in USA. We are looking for people who are caring and have great passion and must be committed to our mission of providing wholistic comprehensive, competent and excellent healthcare</div>
<div>
	Penang Adventist Hospital is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity. The hospital is committed to recruit, pay and train applicants &amp; employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age and marital status.&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Penang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/cardiovascular-technologists-4483371?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4483371" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 