---
title: "Ara Damansara Medical Centre Sdn Bhd Vacancies Executive, Risk & Quality Management" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-06 
excerpt: "Ara Damansara Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Executive, Risk & Quality Management which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Ara Damansara Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Executive, Risk & Quality Management</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>&#160;Job Description</strong></div><ul><li>Assist the Director in ensuring that structure and processes needed for the quality and health care management system are established, maintained and implemented for SJMC.</li><li>Undertakes quality initiatives, audits, risk management as due in conjunction with the Director.</li><li>Develop and implement the clinical quality assurance and compliance function in the organisation.</li><li>Facilitate projects involving process improvements using Lean, 5S, PDSA (Plan-Do-Study-Act) and other quality improvement tools.</li><li>Assist, co-ordinate and follow up with the departments in the compliance with the standards. Supports departments and services within the SJMC/ADMC in achieving regulatory, accreditation, and organizational compliance in quality and in performance management and improvement activities. Assesses department compliance with accreditation standards and regulations related to clinical care in collaboration with entity leadership and staff. Identifies areas of vulnerability and directs the development of strategies to enhance compliance. Follow-up with respective departments on the actions related to quality and compliance.</li><li>In collaboration with department heads, participates in the monitoring, reporting, and improvement activities related to clinical guidelines, health care quality/safety initiatives, accreditation and regulatory requirements.</li><li>Conduct trainings to equip staff with the knowledge in the use of quality improvement tools. Conducts General Orientation as and when necessary.</li><li>Ensure safety of self and others in the workplace adhering to instructions given to Workplace Health and Safety (eg SOPs/ MSDS) at your facility and Ramsay Health Care.</li><li>Report all incidents and hazards utilising the facility&#8217;s reporting procedures and mechanisms (ie. RiskMan).</li></ul><div><strong>Job Qualifications and Skills</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess a Diploma or Degree in Nursing or Pharmacy.</li><li>Minimum 3 year(s) working experience in the healthcare field is required for this position.</li><li>Demonstrates strong knowledge in Lean, PDSA, 5S, FMEA, 7QC Tools, MSQH &amp; JCI</li><li>Good analytical skills in analyzing specific performance.</li><li>Able to think creatively when comes to problem solving and making recommendation.</li><li>Have strong organizational skills.</li><li>Good team player.</li><li>Self-motivated and consistently portrays a professional approach when carrying out duties.</li></ul><div><strong>INTERESTED, KINDLY CLICK THE " APPLY BUTTON !</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Ara Damansara Medical Centre is a tertiary hospital with Centres of Excellence for Brain, Heart, and Spine &amp; Joint.&#160;Combining the four-Cs under one roof, namely, compassion, care, comfort and convenience, Ara Damansara Medical Centre provides a home away from home to offer its patients a peace of mind.<br>
	It is the second medical facility established under the Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care Group, after its flagship Subang Jaya Medical Centre.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/executive-risk-quality-management-4526542?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4526542" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 