---
title: "Smart Medicine Sdn Bhd Vacancies Pharmacist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-19 
excerpt: "Smart Medicine Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Pharmacist which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Smart Medicine Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Pharmacist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Summary</strong></p><p>This position provides pharmacovigilance, regulatory and quality opportunities to ensure the Company&#8217;s GxP compliance to local health authority, and regulatory support for market access of innovative products and licence maintenance.<strong>&#160;</strong></p><p><strong>Job Function</strong></p><p>Be part of a dynamic Regulatory Affairs team, with responsibilities in the following areas:</p><p><strong>Pharmacovigilance (PV) and Quality Assurance (QA)</strong></p><ul><li>Responsible for the Company&#8217;s Quality Management System (QMS) to ensure local regulatory compliance and towards continuous improvement.</li><li>Support in PV and safety related issues towards compliance and continuous improvement of GVP.</li><li>Be the Company&#8217;s PV contact personnel with local health authority, and Principals.</li><li>Responsible for PV and safety related issues, including execution of local RMP requirements.</li><li>Responsible to provide and implement PV and/ or QA related consultation services to Principal(s) as engaged by the Company.</li><li>Support in implementation and follow-up of internal and vendor audits. Participates in external audits from Principals or health authorities.</li></ul><p><strong>Regulatory</strong></p><ul><li>Act as the responsible person for the Company to local health authority in relation to products and activities carried out by the Company.</li><li>Maintain product license registrations and other licenses related to the regulatory compliance of the Company&#8217;s business in Malaysia.</li><li>Management of local medical enquiries.</li><li>Provide regulatory support services to Principals(s) where necessary as required by superior.</li><li>Support in preparing and submitting product registration dossier and variation packages to regulatory authorities.</li><li>Liaise with relevant authorities and Principal on registration and licensing related matters.</li></ul><p><strong>General</strong></p><ul><li>Conduct related trainings to stakeholders on quality, PV, proper usage of products or other areas related to the scope of work.</li><li>Any other tasks or areas as assigned by the superior or the management.<strong>&#160;</strong></li></ul><p><strong>Opportunities:</strong></p><ul><li>Will have opportunities and exposure to various PV, RA and QA areas.&#160;</li></ul><p><strong>Qualifications and Skills:</strong></p><ul><li>Candidates with the following qualification are preferred:&#160;Bachelor Degree in Pharmacy</li><li>Preferably minimum 1 year experience in the Pharmaceutical industry</li><li>Excellent writing and communication skills</li><li>Systematic, driven, enthusiastic and resourceful</li><li>Must be capable of working as part of a team as well as working independently with minimal supervision</li><li>Proficient in Microsoft software including Word, PowerPoint and Excel</li><li>Good interpersonal, analytical and organisational skills</li><li>Positive attitude, meticulous with keen eye for details</li></ul><p>If you are interested in discussing the above opportunity, please send your CV to HR officer by clicking Apply Now. We regret only shortlisted candidates will be notified.&#160;</p><p>Office/warehouse location: Subang Jaya</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Smart Medicine Sdn Bhd is a fully owned subsidiary of Steward Cross Pte Ltd, a pharmaceutical marketing and distribution company based in Singapore.&#160;We provide Pharmaceutical Marketing Consultancy on new product development, market research, regulatory affairs, product registration and marketing and sales management; Warehousing and Physical Distribution Services.&#160;Our mission is to uphold the principles of stewardship in marketing and distribution of pharmaceutical and health-care products that will contribute to the industry for the benefit of the public.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/pharmacist-8416357/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8416357" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 