---
title: "AbbVie Sdn Bhd Vacancies Specialist, Regulatory Affairs (Contract)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-23 
excerpt: "AbbVie Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Specialist, Regulatory Affairs (Contract) which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>AbbVie Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Specialist, Regulatory Affairs (Contract)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>PRIMARY FUNCTION/OBJECTIVE</strong></p><p>The Regulatory Affairs Department obtains and maintains marketing approvals of responsible Abbvie products in Malaysia. It ensures full local regulatory and company compliance, and provides regulatory expertise to support clinical research, product launches, business development so as to assist achieving business growth and full compliance with legal requirements for pharmacovigilance regarding regulatory affairs relevant responsibilities</p><p>The position is to handle preparation of regulatory submissions in order to obtain and maintain marketing approvals of company products, and to provide advice on regulatory matters to staff and customers.</p><p><strong>CORE JOB RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><ul><li>Manage registration of new products and variations to marketed products (including medical devices) to ensure regulatory approvals are achieved in accordance with company objectives.</li><li>Ensure new product registrations and approval maintenance is conducted in a timely manner according to the registration plan.</li><li>Report progress and status to manager and superior management as required including to corporate RA and Brand Team meetings.</li><li>Develop checklist and streamline processes to increase productivity.</li><li>Coordinate responses to deficiency letters and other requests for data from regulatory authorities for products and ensure it meets agreed or required timelines.</li><li>Liaise with officials of Government agencies to facilitate evaluation processes and respond to requests for data in agreed timelines.</li><li>Review labeling, over-labeling, product information to ensure compliance with relevant regulations and codes. Update product labeling in a timely manner based on the update of the product labeling from headquarters.</li><li>Communicate regulatory issues and important changes and evaluate the impact on the business to manager and Business Unit.</li><li>Maintain good knowledge of relevant corporate policies and local regulations and ensure compliance. Keep abreast of regulatory changes and evaluate the impacts on the business and communicate changes in a timely manner to related parties and management.</li><li>Update RA SOPs when regulations and processes are updated and review them to ensure they are within the validity timeframe.</li><li>Execute registration plans and provide regular status reports.</li><li>Other regulatory projects and tasks assigned by RA head.</li></ul><p><strong>PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS</strong></p><ul><li>University degree in Pharmacy, Pharmacology or related disciplines</li><li><span>Minimum 2 years of experience and in-depth knowledge of regulatory requirements in new drug applications for NCEs and Medical Device application in Malaysia</span></li><li>Strong communications and coordination skills</li><li>Proficiency in communicating strategic and tactical issues to management</li><li><span>Proven interpersonal skills</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV) AbbVie&#8217;s mission is to discover and deliver innovative medicines that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow. We strive to have a remarkable impact on people&#8217;s lives across several key therapeutic areas: immunology, oncology, neuroscience, eye care, virology, women&#8217;s health and gastroenterology, in addition to products and services across its Allergan Aesthetics portfolio. For more information about AbbVie, please visit us at www.abbvie.com. Follow @abbvie on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/specialist-regulatory-affairs-contract-4595469?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4595469" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 