---
title: "Agensi Pekerjaan PERSOLKELLY Malaysia Sdn Bhd Vacancies Dialysis Clinical Service Specialist - Northern & Southern Region" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-06 
excerpt: "Agensi Pekerjaan PERSOLKELLY Malaysia Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Dialysis Clinical Service Specialist - Northern & Southern Region which positioned at Kedah, Penang, Perak, Perlis" 
tags: [Kedah, Penang, Perak, Perlis] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Agensi Pekerjaan PERSOLKELLY Malaysia Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Dialysis Clinical Service Specialist - Northern & Southern Region</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></div><ul><li>Maintains own professional development. Regularly update current knowledge through attendance and participation in conferences, seminars and workshops.</li><li>Maintains own level of knowledge and clinical competence in accordance with current trends in contemporary nursing.</li><li>Actively participates and undertakes quality improvement activities.</li><li>Works harmoniously as an integral part of the multidisciplinary team.</li><li>Ensure efficient and effective utilization of resources.</li><li>Develop personal and professional profile by membership of relevant bodies and organizations.</li><li>Display a professional image to the teammates/patients at all times.</li><li>Assist in the development, review, revision, and compliance of clinical policies and procedures and/or education materials.</li><li>Provide training and monitor the implementation of clinical policies and procedures in the facility.</li><li>Participate with the Country Nursing Lead (CNL) and Facility Administrator (FA) in the identification and development of facility specific education and outcome goals.</li><li>Assist in the implementation and monitoring of the goals to achieve desired results.</li><li>Provides a consultancy service for other appropriate health professionals within facilities.</li><li>Develops and conducts formal and informal education for appropriate nurses and teammates.</li><li>Assist in the development of patient education program, conduct patient education seminar, and participate in patient focus program.</li><li>Coordinate the review and investigation of sentinel adverse occurrences and participate in the plan of correction and follow-up as requested</li><li>Facilitate all education program/audit process, scheduling of classes and logistic requirement.</li><li>Provide support/direction to all Quality Champions/Preceptor and develop resolution to address their needs.</li><li>Oversees the timely submission of all reports and data collection requests by the corporate support teams.</li><li>Assist in Corporate and/or Division initiatives and special projects as assigned.</li><li>Facilitate all external regulatory and safety audits and requirements on and as needed basis</li></ul><div><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS:</strong></div><ul><li>Registered as a general nurse with Malaysia Nursing Board</li><li>Post Basic Certification/Diploma in Renal Nursing</li><li>Extensive and recent experience in Nephrology nursing (minimum 10 years)</li><li>Demonstrated knowledge of contemporary Nephrology nursing theory and practice</li><li>Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communications skills including ability to listen attentively and to communicate information clearly and effectively</li><li>Computer literacy</li><li>Demonstrated commitment to quality improvement initiatives</li><li>Professional and excellent presentation skills</li><li>Willing to travel</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	PERSOLKELLY is one of the largest recruitment companies in Asia Pacific providing comprehensive end-to-end workforce solutions to clients. Headquartered in Singapore, the company was established in 2016 and is a joint venture between Kelly Services, Inc. and affiliates of PERSOL HOLDINGS Co. Ltd. Today, PERSOLKELLY operates more than 45 offices across 13 markets including Australia, China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, New Zealand, Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam.&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kedah, Penang, Perak, Perlis. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/dialysis-clinical-service-specialist-northern-southern-region-4526592?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4526592" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 