---
title: "MELS VETCARE PET SERVICES Vacancies Veterinary Doctor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-27 
excerpt: "MELS VETCARE PET SERVICES is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Veterinary Doctor which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>MELS VETCARE PET SERVICES is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Veterinary Doctor</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job description:</strong></p><p><strong>Candidate duties</strong></p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Examine animals to assess their health and diagnose problems.</p><p>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Treat and dress wounds.</span></p><p>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Perform surgery on animals.</span></p><p>4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Test for and vaccinate against diseases.</span></p><p>5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Operate medical equipment, such as Ultrasound and Blood test Machines.</span></p><p>6.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Advise animal owners about general care, medical conditions, and treatments and follow up care.</span></p><p>7.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Prescribe medication.</span></p><p>8.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<span>Euthanize terminally ill patients.</span></p><p><strong>Strong preference on candidates who are:</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong><em>Compassionate.</em></strong><span>&#160;</span></p><p><span>Veterinarians must be compassionate when working with animals and their owners. They must treat animals with kindness and respect. They should be sensitive when dealing with the owners of sick pets.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong><em>Decision-making skills.</em></strong><span>&#160;</span></p><p><span>Veterinarians must decide the correct method for treating the injuries and illnesses of animals.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong><em>Interpersonal skills.</em></strong><span>&#160;</span></p><p><span>Strong communication skills are essential for veterinarians, who must be able to discuss their recommendations and explain treatment options to animal owners and give instructions to their staff.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong><em>Manual dexterity.</em></strong><span>&#160;</span></p><p><span>Manual dexterity is important for veterinarians, because they must control their hand movements and be precise when treating injuries and performing surgery.</span></p><p>&#183;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;<strong><em>Problem-solving skills.</em></strong><span>&#160;</span></p><p><span>Veterinarians need strong problem-solving skills because they must figure out what is ailing animals. Those who test animals to determine the effects of drug therapies also need excellent diagnostic skills.</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Mel&#8217;s Veterinary Clinic</p><p>Mel&#8217;s Vet is a community of caring people marked by unity in compassion towards making a better world for small animals. We are bonded by a commitment to provide the best quality of treatment for pets in need and to educate the clients with the aim of preventing critical situations for their fur babies. Our Motto Your Pet; Our Priority is what we take as a guideline in the daily clinical practice. As such care requires tireless effort, by upholding the health and well-being of our associates we move towards best conditions, For our clients and their pets.</p><p>Our Mission is to revolutionize pet health and wellness, intensive care, give back to our communities, and provide the best quality at an affordable price. Our&#160;clinic take pride in hiring passionate associates who want to be a part of something bigger.</p><p>We wish to see small animals live their life fully, provided with best nutrition, comfortably and free from fear and distress or disease. We have acted in this regard always and Our Goal is to expand while maintaining the quality of our services.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/veterinary-doctor-4547284?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4547284" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 