---
title: "DOCTOR ANYWHERE OPERATIONS PTE. LTD. Vacancies Manager, Mobile Health (Malaysia)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-07 
excerpt: "DOCTOR ANYWHERE OPERATIONS PTE. LTD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Manager, Mobile Health (Malaysia) which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>DOCTOR ANYWHERE OPERATIONS PTE. LTD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Manager, Mobile Health (Malaysia)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>About Doctor Anywhere</strong></div><div>Doctor Anywhere is a regional tech-enabled, omni-channel healthcare company, on a mission is to make healthcare simple, accessible, and efficient for everyone. Doctor Anywhere&#8217;s digital platform bridges gaps in the healthcare ecosystem through technology and innovation, enabling users to manage their health easily and effectively through the DA mobile app. Headquartered in Singapore with presence in 5 countries in Southeast Asia, Doctor Anywhere now serves more than one million (and growing) users in the region.</div><div>If you thrive in an environment that values disruptive thinking and innovative problem-solving, and would love to do purposeful work that can impact the community, join us in our mission to build great products to help everyone lead happier and healthier lives!</div><div><strong>The role we are hiring for</strong></div><div>We are seeking a<strong>&#160;Manager, Mobile Health</strong>&#160;who will supervise and facilitate the overall medical services offered by the Mobile Health Team.&#160;</div><div>The ideal candidate will have a mindset of continuous improvement and change and will demonstrate curiosity, collaboration and the ability to deal with ambiguity especially in a start-up environment.</div><div>Prior experiences in home-based and/or onsite medical services will be helpful. You are passionate about the responsibility for outreach and promotion of all mobile health activities as well as helps assure that the delivery of high quality, cost efficient, and clinical services comply with all policies and procedures.</div><div>This role reports directly to the Head of Medical Services, Malaysia.</div><div>A summary of the key responsibilities and requirements are as follows:</div><div><strong>Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>Oversight of Mobile Health team operations</li><li>Coordinate Quality Assurance program for Mobile Health team</li><li>Act as liaison with individual and corporate clients where services are provided</li><li>Conduct needs assessment and patient satisfaction surveys</li><li>Develop work schedules and duty assignments for Mobile Health team to ensure smooth operations</li><li>Guide Mobile Health team in handling difficult or complex problems, and in resolving escalated complaints or disputes</li><li>Serve as on-site manager of all mobile unit activities, handles complex issues and questions as needed</li><li>Implement departmental policies, procedures and service standards under direction of Head of Medical Services</li><li>Management of inventory supplies related to mobile medical services</li><li>Any other adhoc duties assigned when appropriate</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements</strong></div><ul><li>Degree or Diploma in Nursing or Healthcare-related discipline with 5 years of relevant experience</li><li>Experience in home-based and/or onsite medical services will be ideal</li><li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to manage the needs of a diverse group of patients</li><li>Able to travel for home visits to patients within Klang Valley</li><li>A start-up attitude &#8211; highly collaborative with an entrepreneurial, roll-up-your sleeves attitude, pragmatic, and able&#160; to work independently when required.</li><li>Comfortable with ambiguity - we're a fast-growing business and there's always unchartered territories, which is part of the fun. You should be comfortable with it and understand that not everything is 100% defined all the time.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Doctor Anywhere is a regional tech-led healthcare company headquartered in Singapore. With a strong network of established healthcare providers and experienced doctors, Doctor Anywhere&#8217;s digital platform enables users to manage their health easily and effectively through the Doctor Anywhere mobile app. Users can consult a licensed local doctor anytime, anywhere, and get medication delivered to their doorsteps within hours. Medical history, health reports, and other documents are stored in-app for easy access.</div>
<div><br>
Under the DA Network clinics, users also have access to an island-wide panel of general practitioners, specialists, and allied healthcare providers.</div>
<div><br>
Complementing this ecosystem is the DA Marketplace. Users can shop for a wide range of health and wellness products and services, such as nutritional supplements, skincare products, physical therapy sessions, and even book home-based healthcare services &#8211; all in one place. Doctor Anywhere now serves more than one million, and growing, users on its online and offline platforms.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/manager-mobile-health-malaysia-8385694/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8385694" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 