---
title: "sagcsolution Vacancies NURSE" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-28 
excerpt: "sagcsolution is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the NURSE which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>sagcsolution is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>NURSE</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Description:</strong></p><p><strong>IMPORTANT NOTE: THE JOB LOCATION IS IN A REPUTABLE MEDICAL CENTRE IN SINGAPORE.</strong></p><p><strong>(I) Professional Standards</strong></p><p>a) Complies with the approved standards of nursing practice.</p><p>b) Supervises the care staff to ensure compliance with the approved standards of nursing practice.</p><p><strong>(II) Clinical Care</strong></p><p>a) Oversees ward operations to ensure quality delivery of care.</p><p>b) Prepares and administers medications to residents in accordance with safe medication practices.</p><p>c) Works closely with the resident&#8217;s doctor and multi-disciplinary team to develop a care plan to provide</p><p>care to the residents.</p><p>d) Ensure all residents are reviewed by the resident&#8217;s doctor as required.</p><p>e) Ensures care delivery and nursing interventions as outlined in the care plan.</p><p>f) Provide supervision to the care staff to ensure accurate care delivery and interventions.</p><p>g) Evaluates the resident&#8217;s response to care interventions and recommends revision of care plan as</p><p>necessary.</p><p>h) Collaborate with allied health professionals and/or initiate preventive and rehabilitative nursing</p><p>procedures.</p><p>i) Updates the care plan where there are changes in the residents&#8217; conditions and needs.</p><p>j) Provides nursing services requiring substantial and specialized nursing skills.</p><p>k) Supervises care staff to ensure comfort and good personal hygiene of the residents under his/her care,</p><p>e.g. Bed cleanliness, bath/shower, changing of clothes and bedsheets, and tidiness of the room.</p><p>l) Supervises care staff to check, monitor, and record residents&#8217; vital signs such as temperature, pulse,</p><p>respiration, blood pressure, and apex heartbeats. Provide general observation support to nursing staff</p><p>so as to inform them about any patient anomalies such as overall outlook, skin condition, and discrepancies in behavior.</p><p>m) Guides care staff to assist in the transfer and positioning of non-ambulant residents.</p><p>n) Ensure residents&#8217; nutritional status is met and refer to an appropriate allied health professional when</p><p>necessary.</p><p>o) Supervises care staff during meal serving and meal consumption.</p><p>p) Prepares clinical documentation and ensures all documentation is current.</p><p>q) Attends to emergencies efficiently as and when required and ensured prompt actions to mitigate the</p><p>situation. Escalates promptly to the supervisor, where necessary.</p><p>r) Works with supervisor to conduct quality assurance activities to monitor and evaluate the quality and</p><p>appropriateness of nursing care.</p><p><strong>(III) Clinical Standards</strong></p><p>a) Reports discrepancies in nursing procedure and policy to the relevant authority.</p><p>b) Conducts regular checks on medication administered to patients to ensure patients obtain their</p><p>prescribed medication.</p><p>c) Undertakes projects and/or research on current issues and trends in the healthcare sector (e.g.</p><p>infection control, quality improvement).</p><p>d) Ensures adherence to safe work practices and the policy, philosophy, and procedures set out within the</p><p>facility.</p><p><strong>IV) Supervisory</strong></p><p>a) Ensure all medical equipment are operational and in good working condition.</p><p><strong>V) Coordination of Appointments/External Communications</strong></p><p>a) Responsible for communication between family members, pharmacies, dieticians, management,</p><p>transportation, etc.</p><p>b) Coordinates visits for medical check-ups, arranging transport and accompanying staff for residents to</p><p>the hospital/polyclinic for follow-up appointments.</p><p>c) Organizes and sends residents for appropriate therapy as prescribed, e.g. occupational therapy,</p><p>laundry, kitchen and ward work, and garden cleaning.</p><p>d) Plays a key role in developing relationships with patient&#8217;s family members and facilitates family</p><p>conferences to ensure high service standards.</p><p><strong>VI) Others</strong></p><p>a) Undertakes any other responsibilities as directed by the Supervisor/Management of the Company.</p><p><strong>Qualification:</strong></p><ol><li>Speaks fluent/good/intermediate level of English due to the profile of the patients</li><li>Locally Trained: Min. Diploma in Nursing.</li><li>Foreign Trained: Degree or Diploma in Nursing (Professional Regulation Council).</li><li>Valid certification in Basic Cardiac Life Support (BCLS) is preferred.</li><li>Salary Package:</li></ol><p>- 6-day work week</p><p>- Rotating off day</p><p>Day shift: 7am-3pm and 1pm-9pm</p><p>Night Shift: 8 pm to 8 am</p><p>6. Salary range: SGD 2200 -SGD 2600 (based on experience and qualification)</p><p>Note: There will be an examination to pass the Singapore Nursing Board Exam(SNB) similar to the Malaysian Nursing Board Exam(LJM) to work in Malaysia.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>We are specialized in IT-related and consulting, recruitment for projects in various fields of non-IT and IT. We work with our reputable Clients globally and professionally. We provided services for our Clients from Germany, Singapore, Malaysia, India, The Philippines, Indonesia, China, USA, UK, and many more. We ensure we provide our professionalism to give you the best quality results. We gain trust and approach with our new and present clients. We strive and provide the service our Clients seek who are with us for years. We appreciate the continuous support of our Clients have given us.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/nurse-4493038?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4493038" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 