---
title: "ROSE FOUNDATION Vacancies Contact Centre Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-08 
excerpt: "ROSE FOUNDATION is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Contact Centre Executive which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>ROSE FOUNDATION is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Contact Centre Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Description:</strong></p><p><strong>Contact Centre (70%)</strong></p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Execute contact centre operations for all inbound and outbound contacts through a variety of contact channels including phone, email and mail.</p><p>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Perform follow up with participants tested positive to encourage timely progression along care pathways.</p><p>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Coordinate engagement with healthcare providers to facilitate progression of participants along care pathways.</p><p>4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Troubleshoot delivery of screening test results, exceptions and escalated enquiries.&#160;</p><p>5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Drive high quality performance of contact centre operations by ensuring that contacts are managed sensitively, effectively, consistently and in a timely manner.</p><p>6.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Execute timely, accurate and reliable registry data entry and implement security and privacy standards in management and transmission of data.</p><p>7.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Engage with and maintain a professional working rapport with healthcare professionals, stakeholders and other relevant entities/individuals (suppliers, service providers etc.).</p><p>8.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Monitor and articulate participant/client/healthcare provider needs, habits, and trends, expressed and/or observed during contact and program engagements.&#160;</p><p><strong>Communications (30%)</strong></p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Coordinate and manage public communications and social media accounts.</p><p>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Liaise with collaborators and partners to ensure ROSE&#8217;s communications ideas are aligned to communication messages</p><p>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Support and perform quality assurance on ROSE&#8217;s messaging in media and public communications.&#160;</p><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor&#8217;s degree in public health, applied social/behavioral science or other related discipline AND/OR a minimum two years of working experience in community/health programs. Individuals with medical degrees with an interest in public health are also encouraged to apply.</li><li>Open, approachable and pleasant personality with strong interpersonal skills.</li><li>Excellent organizational skills, attentive to detail and willingness to learn.</li><li>Ability to adapt to different demands and negotiate stressful situations.</li><li>A proactive team player who can work with a minimum of supervision.</li><li>Competent with Microsoft Office software and preferably have good information technology skills.</li><li>Proficient in English and Bahasa Malaysia. Ability to speak Tamil or Mandarin is a strong advantage.</li><li>Having own transport is preferable.</li></ul><p>To Apply:</p><p>If interested to apply for this position, please send your CV and cover letter to careers.programrose[at]gmail.com</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>ROSE FOUNDATION was established in 2019 as a company limited by guarantee and as a charitable foundation in Malaysia. ROSE Foundation runs Program ROSE, a cervical cancer screening program with the vision to make Malaysia cervical cancer free for women.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/contact-centre-executive-4496123?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4496123" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 