---
title: "Apex Pharmacy Marketing Sdn Bhd Vacancies Senior Manager, Product Management" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-17 
excerpt: "Apex Pharmacy Marketing Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Manager, Product Management which positioned at Subang Jaya" 
tags: [Subang Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Apex Pharmacy Marketing Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Manager, Product Management</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>HERE YOU ARE</strong>. Another day at the office. Time to go home. Remember how proud you were when you landed that great job in that illustrious organization. And now? Well, your work's ok, your colleagues are pretty nice and the office parties get pleasantly out of hands at times. Of course you're keeping your eyes open. You're still very ambitious. You have untapped talent and energy waiting to soar. You want a change. You want new challenges. A new organization. So if you fit the description below, then don&#8217;t miss this chance of a lifetime and open your doors to a rewarding career with us.&#160;</p><p><strong>JOB OVERVIEW:</strong></p><p><span>This position is responsible to develop, implement and be accountable for brand/product strategies in the short, mid and long term to achieve set goals under the supervision of the Business Unit Head. The position will champion the brand/product including product pre-launch and development, market research, sales, advertising and public relations in order to deliver performance to achieve the committed goals.</span></p><p><strong>YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></p><ul><li><span>Manage and lead a team of product managers under the Pharma portfolio. Conduct effective on-boarding activities for new employees.</span></li><li><span>D</span><span>evelop product strategies in line with the local market situation to ensure sustainable healthy brand growth.</span></li><li><span>Achieve sales budget and product profit goals within the allocated marketing resources, including achievement of targeted market share.</span></li><li><span>To conceptualize, develop, implement and</span><span>&#160;monitor marketing plan and ensure good inventory forecast accuracy planning to meet business objectives and customer needs.</span></li><li><span>Manage the product life cycle from strategic planning to tactical action plans to optimize and extend profitability of products.</span></li><li><span>Monitor business performance and external environment to deliver corrective action as required to meet business objectives.</span></li><li><span>Actively identify new Pharma products in accordance to market needs and sales prospects, assist in contract negotiation for significant distributions deals.</span></li><li><span>Serve as a product owner and voice of the customer, support and provide product content for training, sales and marketing purposes.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Conduct regular update reporting and presentations to the higher management and other parties.</span></li></ul><p><strong>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR?&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>The Candidate must possess a Bachelor&#8217;s Degree in Pharmacy or Science with at least 3 years&#8217; experience in pharmaceutical, preferably in commercial role.</li><li>Must possess strong pharmaceutical industry knowledge with connections and good scientific engagement with healthcare professionals in the relevant field.</li><li><span>Possess strong analytical, strategic and creative thinking skills for the interpretation of data to develop business plans and problem solve.</span></li><li><span>Possess strong sense of commitment, dedication and is results- driven, with a sense of urgency to get things done.&#160;</span></li><li><span>Must be independent, energetic, innovative with strong planning, organization and implementation skills.</span></li><li><span>Must be a strong team player, adaptable and versatile with the ability to work across different cultures.</span></li><li><span>Be able to negotiate and manage contractual arrangements.</span></li><li><span>Possess good interpersonal skills, as well as good leadership skills.</span></li><li>Possess strong and eloquent writing, speaking and presentation skills.&#160;&#160;</li></ul><p>Working Hours : Monday - Friday &amp; Alternate Saturday.</p><p>Note: Only shortlisted candidate will be contacted for interview.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Apex Pharmacy Marketing Sdn Bhd was established in 1979 in Malaysia on a simple, yet onerous principle dubbed as &#8220;Medicines on Call&#8217;. We are notably known in the healthcare industry as Apex Pharma.</p><p>From the humble beginnings of a traditional wholesaling and distribution business, today we offer full solutions to multinationals, covering all local aspects with in-house capabilities, regulatory and compliance standards.</p><p>Our core activities include wholesaling, distribution, sales, promotion and marketing, and regulatory affairs, led by a dynamic group of passionate and experienced individuals.</p><p>We work closely with many international known brands, through various agreements and arrangements offering a great many pharmaceutical and consumer healthcare products to our diverse customers.&#160;</p><p>Our well positioned branches in all major states, allow us to interface with our established business network to provide efficient logistics and distribution channels with a clear focus on our clientele base.</p><p>We pride ourselves as being one of the most reputable and efficient partners in our industry within Malaysia and are committed to meeting the growing needs of healthcare and pharmaceutical wholesaling and distribution business in the country.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Subang Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-manager-product-management-4592662?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4592662" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 