---
title: "UCSI Laurent Bleu Skin Science & Wellness Centre Vacancies Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-07 
excerpt: "UCSI Laurent Bleu Skin Science & Wellness Centre is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Nurse which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>UCSI Laurent Bleu Skin Science & Wellness Centre is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Description</strong></p><ul><li><span>To provide assistance and support to the doctor in all aspects of the clinic operations including reception, consultation, procedures, customer service, products and services.</span></li><li><span>To ensure efficient and coordinated clinic operation flow by coordinating and planning clinic activities, communicate patient&#8217;s needs, make referrals and serve as a resource person for insurance information.</span></li><li><span>To deliver direct patient care; comprehensively assess patients&#8217; needs; triage patients and report accordingly; manage messages from patients; perform stock-keeping; maintain patients&#8217; rooms and treatment instruments.</span></li><li><span>To administer medication as assigned; serve as a resource person for knowledge of medication uses, side effects, and dosage; check for proper medication order; document medications; obtain required consent forms to administer immunisations; notify the pharmacies of physician-approved prescriptions; review drug samples to ensure they have not exceeded the expiration date; label sample drugs and educate patients of the medication administration.</span></li><li><span>To provide nursing care in the Operating Department.</span></li><li><span>To act as the scrub or circulating nurse during surgical procedures.</span></li><li><span>To carry out safety checks of swabs, instruments and needles in the Operating Room.</span></li><li><span>To ensure compliance in the Operating Room.</span></li><li><span>To assist the doctor in all areas of compliance in the Operating Room.</span></li><li><span>To perform other duties as assigned by the doctor, Operations Manager and Chief Executive Officer.</span></li><li><span>To take part and play an active role in all activities organised by Laurent Bleu e.g. exhibitions, roadshows.</span></li></ul><ul><li><span>ADMINISTRATION: To ensure administration work is completed and updated at the end of the day (patient registration, patient billing, daily sales revenue, stock list, reports).</span></li></ul><ul><li><span>REGISTRATION AND BILLING: To ensure complete proper registration and data entry processes for the patient at all times &#8211; confirm all daily sales revenue (including cash, credit cards, cheques, etc.) is accurate and accounted for at all times to prevent discrepancy.</span></li></ul><ul><li><span>STOCK MANAGEMENT: To maintain and monitor stocks &#8211; ensure stocks are available and prepared prior to treatments &#8211; report any expired, damaged or missing products to the</span></li></ul><ul><li><span>TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT: To maintain up-to-date knowledge on products and services &#8211; participate in the training programme and continuously strive to improve the delivery of products and services through training and feedback.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirement</strong></p><ul><li><span>Possess at least a Diploma in Nursing.</span></li><li><span>Possess at least a minimum of 2 years working experience in related field.</span></li><li><span>Possess excellent communication and customer service skills.</span></li><li><span>Detailed oriented, quick witted and pleasant personality.</span></li><li><span>Possess a high knowledge in medical terminology.</span></li><li><span>Possess the ability to maintain confidentiality.</span></li><li><span>Possess current Nursing Annual Practicing Certificate.</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Laurent Bleu Sdn Bhd, part of the UCSI Group of Companies, is an integrated centre for health and medical care and diagnostic testing. We offer a comprehensive range of services including health and medical care and diagnostic testing. Be part of our growing team of dedicated doctors, nurses, therapists and assistants.</p><p>And at UCSI, we pride ourselves on our visionary leadership, synergistic focus on value creation and community engagement that have shaped the Group into what it is today: A trusted leader known for its exemplary commitment to excellence.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/nurse-4559620?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4559620" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 