---
title: "Lee & Jay Vacancies Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-07-01 
excerpt: "Lee & Jay is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Nurse which positioned at Klang/Port Klang" 
tags: [Klang/Port Klang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Lee & Jay is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Lee &amp; Jay Medical Group is currently opening career opportunities to occupy nurse(s) which will be placed in Bukit Tinggi, Klang;</p><p><span>Job</span></p><p><span>Responsibilities</span></p><p><span>&#8226; </span><span>Ensure compliance to the system clinical policies and procedures</span></p><p><span>&#8226; Maintaining reports of patient&#8217;s medical histories</span></p><p><span>&#8226; Maintaining a hygienic and safe working environment in compliance with the</span></p><p><span>healthcare procedures.</span></p><p><span>Requirements</span></p><p><span>&#8226; </span><span>Someone who is passionate about their work, team player, and willing to accept new</span></p><p><span>ideas</span></p><p><span>&#8226;Able to work on rotating shifts</span></p><p><span>&#8226;Willing to be based in Klang, Selangor</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Klinik dan Surgery Lee &amp; Jay is located in Bukit Tinggi, Klang under the group of Lee &amp; Jay. We are a fast-paced clinic providing excellent medical assistance and care to our patients. We prioritize patient care and have excellent employee benefits. Kindly email your resume to medical@leejay.org.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Klang/Port Klang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/nurse-4604036?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4604036" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 