---
title: "Qualitas Medical Group Sdn Bhd Vacancies Head of Operations" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-04 
excerpt: "Qualitas Medical Group Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head of Operations which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Qualitas Medical Group Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head of Operations</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong><br>&#8226; Establish, develop and implement strategies to maximize resources.<br>&#8226; Coach and oversee operations department to ensure operational issue been handle well and effectively.<br>&#8226; Participates annually in the business planning and budget process, cascading the plan down to the operations and marketing team members, clinic staffs and doctors.<br>&#8226; Review and track clinic performance to reach the monthly profitability and sales.<br>&#8226; Identifies issues and concerns as well as promotes efficiency in the operations department through practical solutions and value-added recommendations where appropriate.<br>&#8226; Evaluate, plan current and projected budgetary needs for all portfolios in terms of staffing, equipment and capital.<br>&#8226; Consistently identify gaps and opportunity for improving the quality of care through consistent interaction with Doctors and Clinics.<br>&#8226; Check stock count report and cost of sales for clinics and suggest any control to clinic based on the analysis and explanation provided.<br>&#8226; Set performance KPI in line with business goals and objectives.<br>&#8226; Oversee staff development and career management within Operations.<br>&#8226; Review work flow process and SOPs where necessary to reflect current practice and implementation.<br>&#8226; Oversee the audit report for clinics and ensure the problem been identify and action plan is in place.<br>&#8226; Present the clinic performance at the monthly meetings.</div><div><br><strong>Job Requirement:</strong><br>&#8226; Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree in any discipline.<br>&#8226; Minimum 8 years related working experience in the related field;<br>&#8226; Minimum 4 years experience in managerial capacity preferably in medical and healthcare industry.<br>&#8226; Strong analytical, planning, organizational design and interpersonal skills.<br>&#8226; Good problem solving skills, proactive and result oriented.<br>&#8226; Have operation management and costing experience.<br>&#8226; Good sense in financial number.<br>&#8226; Able to consolidate and compile data from all clinics.<br>&#8226; Analyze the data and recommend solution/strategy to overcome the issue to growth the revenue.<br>&#8226; Managing customers/clients to achieve customer service satisfaction.<br>&#8226; Have people management skill; work well with all level people (doctor, subordinate, peer and clinic staffs).</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Qualitas Medical Group is a company with international operations and one of the largest network of GP Clinics across Malaysia. Qualitas is committed to its vision of delivering quality healthcare services. As Malaysia's 100 Leading Graduate Employers 2012, we are looking for dynamic, dedicated and committed individuals who aspire to build their careers with us.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-of-operations-4476609?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4476609&sectionRank=4&token=0~ea7c643e-a9f6-4036-b4ad-9c2c2e6e25d8&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 