---
title: "Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd Vacancies Senior Radiology Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-16 
excerpt: "Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Radiology Manager which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Radiology Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><b>What's your job like?</b></div><ul><li>Responsible for volume growth, new and existing service development, clinical and financial management, improving quality outcomes, increased customer satisfaction for physicians and patients, developing and sustaining strong specialty and referring physician relations.</li><li>To support new business development and enable implementation related to medical imaging services.</li><li>Assesses and monitors medical imaging technology development and recommends adopting new technology appropriate to the medical imaging service goals and direction.</li><li>Lead and direct Radiology teams to operate and develop services and achieve departmental goals; in alignment with the hospital vision, mission and business plan.</li><li>Perform and implement activities, initiatives or program to achieve set financial and business targets; and long term sustainable profit.</li><li>Ensure reliable infrastructure, facility and equipment that develop and support business operations, business goals and/or patient outcome/safety.</li><li>Ensure efficient and effective operations management and adherence to risk management; consistently conforming to company prescribed standards, regulations and accreditation bodies to drive a quality outcome for patient safety.</li><li>Ensure effective human capital management of Imaging Services, as prescribed by the company policies, procedures, programs, methodologies and approaches; to attract, retain and engage talents required to achieve department and organizational objectives.</li></ul><div><strong>Who are we looking for?</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Medical Imaging or equivalent.</li><li>Candidate must registered with Bahagian Kawalselia Radiasi Perubatan,&#160;Kementerian Kesihatan Malaysia (BKRP).&#160;</li><li>At least 10 year(s) of working experience in the medical imaging field.</li><li>Experience in managing and motivating radiographer teams in clinically focused environments.</li><li>Experience in meeting standards and developing policies to meet quality standards.</li><li>Experience in equipment evaluation, review, purchase and installation.</li><li>Experience in radiology licensing process.</li><li>Preferably to also have business administration or Health Management experience.</li><li>Possess knowledge in all medical imaging procedures and able to understand the technical issues in the medical imaging field.</li><li>Have reasonable IT and general working knowledge of hospital information systems and PACS.</li><li>Excellent interpersonal &amp; communication skills</li><li>Effective decision-making and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Good project management and experience in operationalizing new technology and services.</li><li>Ability to work long hours, often under pressure.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is a multi-disciplinary acute tertiary care hospital, located within the integrated properties of Bandar Sunway. We have established many Centres of Excellence and take pride in providing the highest standard of care and treatment to our patients. A highly-accredited hospital, we are internationally certified with the Australian Council on Healthcare Standards (ACHS) and its laboratory is the first in Malaysia to be awarded the Westgard Sigma Verification and is also certified by Standards Malaysia (MS ISO 15189).</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-radiology-manager-4557613?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4557613" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 