---
title: "Penang Adventist Hospital Vacancies Radiation Therapist cum Diagnostics Radiographer" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-20 
excerpt: "Penang Adventist Hospital is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Radiation Therapist cum Diagnostics Radiographer which positioned at Penang" 
tags: [Penang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Penang Adventist Hospital is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Radiation Therapist cum Diagnostics Radiographer</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>A Radiation Therapist cum Diagnostics Radiographer is a health care professional specialized in delivering radiation treatment to patients. They are involved in both planning phase and implementation phase of radiotherapy treatment for patients. They are responsible to use a variety of equipments and immobilization devices to manage patient movement and to administer the radiation treatment effectively.<div>They also operate &amp; perform daily QC on the CT machine and is well versed with oral or intravenous contrast administration to patients before a scan.</div></div><div><strong>Radiation Oncology.</strong><ul><li>Perform daily patient treatment with highest accuracy and approved treatment plans.</li><li>Perform treatment delivery with wide range of techniques from conformal, IMRT, IGRT and VMAT techniques.</li><li>Perform daily patient verification checks prior treatment delivery.</li><li>Perform various simulation procedures as prescribed by the Clinical Oncologist.</li><li>Well versed in utilizing various patient immobilization devices to meet the required standard of accuracy.</li><li>Perform daily machine warm up and checks to ensure machines are functioning optimally.</li><li>Involve in patient education and in providing adequate information on the radiation treatment, potential side effects and managements of associated side effects.</li><li>Well versed in the operation of highly sophisticated equipments such as Linear Accelerator machine, CT Simulator machine and other equipments in the department.</li><li>Perform custom block mounting for required patients prior to treatment.</li><li>Assist the superior staff in the development of appropriate policies and procedures for the department.</li><li>Maintenance of documentation and records pertaining to patient treatment records.</li><li>Maintenance of stock items clinical supplies and accessories in the department.</li><li>Maintenance and safe keeping of immobilization devices and equipments used for radiotherapy.</li><li>Actively attends CME and takes initiative to update knowledge on current practices in radiotherapy field.</li><li>Understanding and adhering to emergency preparedness plans/policies.</li></ul><div><strong>Imaging in Oncology</strong></div><ul><li>Perform daily QC for the CT scanner and warming up procedures.</li><li>Preparing and operating the CT scanner and positioning patients for the imaging procedure.</li><li>Administering oral or intravenous contrast to patients before a scan.</li><li>Well versed in the operation of the injector and contrast administration.</li><li>Perform various CT scan protocol if needed as prescribed by the Radiologist.</li><li>Complete administrative work, such as recording the scan time and requesting scans.</li></ul></div><div><strong>Job Qualification and Specifications</strong></div><ul><li>Bachelor in Radiotherapy/ Diagnostic Imaging or its equivalent.</li><li>Preferably with experience in principle of radiotherapy treatment delivery</li><li>Strong communication skills.</li><li>Ability to work independently.</li><li>Self-motivated and confident when dealing with physician</li><li>Ability to solve problems independently for alternative solutions.</li><li>Know how to perform CPR and undergone Basic Life Support training (BLS)</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Penang Adventist Hospital, a Malaysian Society for Quality in Health (MSQH) accredited hospital, is the first hospital in Malaysia to be accredited by the Joint Commission International (JCI). Established in 1924, the pioneer not-for-profit private hospital in Malaysia, has grown from a community mission hospital to a tertiary regional medical centre. We are part of an international network of more than 500 hospitals and healthcare facilities within the Adventist Health system including the renowned Loma Linda University Medical Centre, California and Florida Hospital in USA. We are looking for people who are caring and have great passion and must be committed to our mission of providing wholistic comprehensive, competent and excellent healthcare</div>
<div>
	Penang Adventist Hospital is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity. The hospital is committed to recruit, pay and train applicants &amp; employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age and marital status.&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Penang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/radiation-therapist-cum-diagnostics-radiographer-4535409?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4535409" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 