---
title: "DOCTOR ANYWHERE OPERATIONS PTE. LTD. Vacancies Senior Pharmacist (Malaysia)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-04 
excerpt: "DOCTOR ANYWHERE OPERATIONS PTE. LTD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Pharmacist (Malaysia) which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>DOCTOR ANYWHERE OPERATIONS PTE. LTD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Pharmacist (Malaysia)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>About Doctor Anywhere</strong></p><p>Doctor Anywhere is a regional tech-enabled, omni-channel healthcare company, on a mission is to make healthcare simple, accessible, and efficient for everyone. Doctor Anywhere&#8217;s digital platform bridges gaps in the healthcare ecosystem through technology and innovation, enabling users to manage their health easily and effectively through the DA mobile app. Headquartered in Singapore with presence in 5 countries in Southeast Asia, Doctor Anywhere now serves more than one million (and growing) users in the region.</p><p>If you thrive in an environment that values disruptive thinking and innovative problem-solving, and would love to do purposeful work that can impact the community, join us in our mission to build great products to help everyone lead happier and healthier lives!</p><p><strong>The role we are hiring for</strong></p><p>We are seeking a Senior Pharmacist who will be responsible for all aspects of governing and managing retail pharmacies,&#160;purchasing including managing vendors and forwarders to efficiently and cost-effectively support the operations of Doctor Anywhere Group of Companies. You will have technical knowledge, strong negotiation and analytical skills, strong multi-tasking capabilities: can manage several projects with their own challenges and in different stages of completion.</p><p>The ideal candidate will have a mindset of continuous improvement and change and will demonstrate curiosity, collaboration and the ability to deal with ambiguity especially in a start-up environment.</p><p>Prior experiences in Pharmacy will be helpful. You are passionate about making crucial decisions, such as negotiating contracts, optimising product costs, delivering efficient and innovative operations, and dealing with suppliers.&#160;</p><p>This role reports directly to the Medical Director, Malaysia.</p><p>A summary of the key responsibilities and requirements are as follows:&#160;</p><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Provide leadership and guidance to the Pharmacy team</li><li>Responsible for the clinical and regulatory aspects of the retail pharmacies and prescription process</li><li>Developing procurement strategies that are inventive and cost-effective to enable nationwide delivery to end customers and clinics</li><li>Sourcing of drugs / medical consumables and equipment at the best possible price</li><li>Negotiating and establishing contracts with vendors to obtain maximal cost savings</li><li>Building and maintaining long-term relationships with vendors and suppliers</li><li>Approving purchase orders, organizing and confirming delivery of goods and services</li><li>Performing risk assessments on potential contracts and agreements</li><li>Promoting a culture of long-term savings on procurement costs</li><li>Overseeing and managing the IT systems that track inventory &amp; PO</li><li>Preparing procurement reports</li><li>Participating in health talks or support groups from time to time&#160;</li><li>Supporting innovation projects and new business development activities</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Bachelor&#8217;s or Master&#8217;s Degree of Pharmacy&#160;with minimally 5 years of relevant experience</li><li>Registered Pharmacist with the Pharmacy Board of Malaysia&#160;</li><li>Experience in retail pharmacy management and setting up retail pharmacy is an added advantage</li><li>Proven ability to work effectively in a team environment</li><li>Proven negotiation &amp; persuasion skills</li><li>Good knowledge and experience in Microsoft office</li><li>You have unquestioned integrity and high standards in the work you do</li><li>Genuine curiosity and strong desire to continuously learn and grow</li><li>Experience of working within a tech startup and hyper growth environment would be a bonus</li><li>A start-up attitude &#8211; highly collaborative with an entrepreneurial, roll-up-your sleeves attitude, pragmatic, and able&#160;to work independently when required</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Doctor Anywhere is a regional tech-led healthcare company headquartered in Singapore. With a strong network of established healthcare providers and experienced doctors, Doctor Anywhere&#8217;s digital platform enables users to manage their health easily and effectively through the Doctor Anywhere mobile app. Users can consult a licensed local doctor anytime, anywhere, and get medication delivered to their doorsteps within hours. Medical history, health reports, and other documents are stored in-app for easy access.</div>
<div><br>
Under the DA Network clinics, users also have access to an island-wide panel of general practitioners, specialists, and allied healthcare providers.</div>
<div><br>
Complementing this ecosystem is the DA Marketplace. Users can shop for a wide range of health and wellness products and services, such as nutritional supplements, skincare products, physical therapy sessions, and even book home-based healthcare services &#8211; all in one place. Doctor Anywhere now serves more than one million, and growing, users on its online and offline platforms.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-pharmacist-malaysia-8584733/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8584733" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 