---
title: "Capita Pte Ltd - Healthcare Vacancies Senior/Staff Nurse (Operation Theatre/3 Shifts) –Based in Singapore (ID: 475312)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-04 
excerpt: "Capita Pte Ltd - Healthcare is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior/Staff Nurse (Operation Theatre/3 Shifts) –Based in Singapore (ID: 475312) which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Capita Pte Ltd - Healthcare is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior/Staff Nurse (Operation Theatre/3 Shifts) –Based in Singapore (ID: 475312)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong><br>&#8226; Performing scrub and circulating roles for procedures<br>&#8226; Oversee the smooth operation of the OT lists as a staff in-charge in the elective theatre<br>&#8226; Coordinate a smooth workflow for emergency cases as a nurse in-charge in the emergency theatres<br>&#8226; Sustain standards of the junior staffs through coaching, precepting and supervising<br>&#8226; Maintain the standards for infection control in the Operating Room</div><div><strong>Requirements:</strong><br>&#8226; At least Diploma in Nursing<br>&#8226; Possess an Advanced Diploma / Post Basic in Operation Theatre will be an advantage<br>&#8226; Preferably with 5 years of continuous acute setting experience<br>&#8226; Able to perform 3 shifts</div><div><br>Interested candidates who wish to apply for the advertised position, please email us an updated copy of your resume (Attn: JIE) or contact our office at 6709 3505 for a confidential discussion.<br>We regret to inform that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.</div><div>Job Code: JIE<br>Email Address: nursing@capitasingapore.com<br>EA License No.: 08C2893</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><div>Founded in 2007 in Singapore, Capita Pte Ltd is a premium recruitment expert and staffing provider for international companies in Singapore and across Asia.</div><div>Encompassing local and international placements, contract and temporary staffing, outplacement as well as payroll services across all industry sectors, Capita&#8217;s highly personalised service ensures that its clients find the right talent to meet their human resource needs.</div><div>Capita&#8217;s service offering is split into corporate and specialised divisions. While the corporate division comprises the business support and outsourcing practices that focus on permanent, contract and temporary positions, the specialised division has a focus on the engineering, banking and finance as well as technology industries. With more companies requiring candidates for specialist functions as well as talent with generalist capabilities in an increasingly competitive business environment, these divisions ensure that clients work with industry-focused consultants with specific expertise to match their talent management needs.</div><div><br>In 2012, Capita expanded its footprint in Asia, opening an office in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia to better serve regional clients.</div><div>Capita&#160; has been recognised as one of the preferred HR Vendors of the Year for six consecutive years since 2010. In addition, we have also been honoured with the Enterprise 50 award in 2012 as well as the Recruitment Agency of the Year Silver Award (Asia Recruitment Awards, 2015).</div><div>More information about Capita Pte Ltd is available at www.capitagrp.com and www.facebook.com/capitagrp.</div></div></div><div><div>&lt;&lt;&lt;By submitting your curriculum vitae or personal data to us in connection with your job application, you are deemed to have read and agreed to the terms of our Privacy Policy, and consented to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data by us and our affiliates, in accordance with our Privacy Policy.</div><div>Please visit www.capitagrp.com for a copy of our Privacy Policy. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please drop us an email at "dataprotection@persolkelly.com" to let us know. (NOTE: any resumes or job applications sent to this data protection mailbox will NOT be attended to as it is solely for the purposes of personal data protection related feedback.)</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-staff-nurse-operation-theatre-3-shifts-based-in-singapore-id:-475312-8272891/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8272891&sectionRank=21&token=0~1b653b48-c70c-4213-ba04-3d1cb94480c6&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 