---
title: "Clinipath (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Medical Lab Technologist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-27 
excerpt: "Clinipath (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Medical Lab Technologist which positioned at Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Seremban, Penang, Selangor" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Seremban, Penang, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Clinipath (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Medical Lab Technologist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Vacancies available for PCR (MLT/SO), ACCESSONING (MLT), VALIDATION (MLT/SO) and DEMOGRAPHY (CLERK)</strong></p><p><span>Job Description for all position except for Demography Clerk</span></p><p><strong>Responsibilities :</strong></p><ol><li><span>&#160;To perform routine laboratory test procedures as outlined by the laboratory standard operating procedures.</span></li><li><span>&#160;Adhere and adapt to quality assurance and quality control procedures in performing all testing.</span></li><li><span>&#160;Maintains and operates lab equipment; able to detect malfunctions as they occur and troubleshoot and reported them to supervisor accordingly.</span></li><li><span>&#160;Participates in established TQM activities. Follows protocols for running and documenting control values.</span></li><li><span>&#160;Work closely with all laboratory personnel to ensure timely client service and accurate test results.</span></li><li><span>&#160;Maintain positive working relationships with other lab personnel and clients.</span></li><li><span>&#160;Complies with laboratory safety procedures.</span></li><li><span>&#160;Preserves and protects patient and client confidentiality in all situations.</span></li></ol><p><strong>Requirements :</strong></p><ol><li><span>&#160;Candidate must possess at least a Diploma in MLT, Biomedical Science or its equivalent.</span></li><li><span>&#160;At least 2 years of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</span></li><li><span>&#160;Previous experience in hematology, biochemistry, virology, urine analysis and blood banking will be added advantage.</span></li><li><span>&#160;Priority will be given to those who have working experience in handling PCR lab and validation of reports.</span></li><li><span>&#160;Able to work shift hours, on call and on Public holidays.&#160;</span></li><li><span>&#160;Phlebotomy skills will be an added advantage.</span></li><li><span>&#160;Meticulous and conscientious, especially in validating reports.</span></li><li><span>&#160;Familiar with ISO 15189 documentation.</span></li><li><span>&#160;Computer literate and skills in lab information systems.</span></li><li><span>&#160;A team player and able to start immediately is an advantage.</span></li><li><span>&#160;Vacancies in multiple locations in Klang, Kuala Lumpur, Johor.</span></li></ol><p><strong>Responsibilities for Demography Clerk</strong></p><ol><li>&#160;To perform all related tasks in the Demographic department.</li><li>To key inpatient data entry and to verify all data entry are correct before validation and release by a scientific officer.</li><li>&#160;To scan all request forms received on a day to day basis.</li><li>&#160;To assist HOD perform batch electronic result transfers to customers.</li><li>To assist in coordinating the release of reports printouts to courier assistant.</li><li>&#160;To file validated request forms accordingly by date of receiving.</li></ol><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ol><li>Possesses at least a Primary/Secondary School/SPM/"O" Level, Higher Secondary/STPM/"A" Level/Pre-U.</li><li>Computer Literacy and Fast Typing Skills</li><li>Time management and organizational skills.</li><li>Can multitask and work under pressure</li><li>Attention to detail.</li></ol></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>Clinipath (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is one of Malaysia's largest, most well-established clinical pathology groups. Each month Clinipath Pathology provides the latest in pathology testing services to the country's leading doctors in clinics, medical centres, private hospitals, government hospitals and private companies.&#160;</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur, Seremban, Penang, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/medical-lab-technologist-4575262?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4575262" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 