---
title: "Sincere IVF (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Staff Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-27 
excerpt: "Sincere IVF (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Staff Nurse which positioned at Johor - Others" 
tags: [Johor - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Sincere IVF (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Staff Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;Prefer with knowledge for&#160;Clinic setting &amp;&#160;OT &amp; Ward Recovery Setting, O&amp;G Experience will be advantage.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Ensures that patients&#8217; case-notes and investigations reports are ready before the start of clinic sessions as well as prepare listings of patients for elective procedures.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Assist the doctors from various disciplines to perform minor clinical procedures</p><p>&#183;&#160;Assists doctors and provide nursing care to patients during physical examination according to patient&#8217;s condition, ensuring patient&#8217;s safety at all times</p><p>&#183;&#160;Provide nursing care and screening programmes for patient, including patient counselling.&#160;</p><p>&#183;&#160;Provides financial counselling and education on operation/ treatment procedures.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Assist in observing and reporting patients' condition and progress during their recovery from the minor procedures</p><p>&#183;&#160;Establishes and maintains confidentiality on patient&#8217;s medical records.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Maintain confidentiality of patients' medical records at all times.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Maintains a clean and safe working environment.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Dispenses medication according to doctor&#8217;s orders.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Monitor, maintain and replace clinic&#8217;s equipment, instruments, inventories and supplies.</p><p>&#183;&#160;To assist doctor &amp; anaesthetist during the procedures (scrub/circulating nurse or etc)&#160;</p><p>&#183;&#160;To able to manage the patient well from start to end of the procedures (receiving patient , recovery of patient , discharging of patient &amp; dispensing of medication) &#8211; providing nursing care to patient</p><p>&#183;&#160;Prepare &amp; pack surgical items/instrument for autoclaving.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Assists in billing&#160;&amp; registration&#160;.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Maintain a clean and safe working environment</p><p>&#183;&#160;Participate in continuous quality improvement activities.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Ensure nursing care is delivered according to established standards.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Participate in health promotion &amp; education activities to promote &amp; improve health of patient &amp; the community.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Keep proper records (ART , CD book&#160;, Nursing Notes, Dispatch Book, IVF Logbook) as required&#160;by Management , MOH , RTAC &amp; any relevant bodies)</p><p>&#183;&#160;Medisave submission &amp; Embryo Storage renewal</p><p>&#183;&#160;Ordering of medicine and other supplies</p><p>&#183;&#160;Performs other nursing duties as assigned.</p><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><p>&#183;&#160;Minimum Diploma Holder</p><p>&#183;&#160;Malaysian Citizens only</p><p>&#183;&#160;Retired nurse are preferred</p><p>&#183;&#160;Applicant will be consider for either Full time or Part time Position</p><p>&#183;&#160;Applicant will be attached to Singapore HQ Clinic for training</p><p>&#183;&#160;Fully registered with the Malaysia Nursing Board</p><p>&#183;&#160;Experience in O&amp;G nursing preferred</p><p>&#183;&#160;Experience in Operation Theatre will be an added advantage</p><p>&#183;&#160;Excellent&#160;interpersonal and communication skills</p><p>&#183;&#160;Good time management and work organization skills.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Good working attitude, motivated and has good initiative</p><p>&#183;&#160;Able to multi-task and work independently in a fast-paced environment</p><p>&#183;&#160;Pleasant and confident disposition</p><p>&#183;&#160;Team player</p><p>&#183;&#160;Able to deal tactfully and with sensitivity to the needs of customers with different cultural, environmental and social backgrounds.</p><p>&#183;&#160;Fluency in English and Mandarin would be an advantage as the job requires communication with English and Mandarin- speaking patients</p><p>&#183;&#160;Staff nurse position are also available in our Singapore Clinic.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Sincere IVF (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. is a subsidiary company of Sincere Healthcare Group in Singapore.<br>
Our philosophy in delivering excellent care with personal and compassionate approach ensures that your journey to parenthood is stress-free and any physical discomforts and disruptions to your life are minimised.<br>
&#160;<br>
We have served patients from more than 20 countries in our Singapore centers, and is expanding into more overseas markets, including a Specialist Medical Center launched in CHINA early this year.&#160; More Specialist Medical Centers including additional new medical specialities will be launched in Singapore and overseas in the coming 12-18 months.&#160;<br>
&#160;<br>
Sincere Healthcare Group is always looking for highly motivated, experienced and committed individuals to join its expanding family, to grow with the Group in its rapid expansion in more top notch medical specialist services.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/staff-nurse-4509087?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4509087" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 