---
title: "PharmEng Technology Vacancies Regulatory Affairs Consultant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-23 
excerpt: "PharmEng Technology is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Regulatory Affairs Consultant which positioned at Johor, Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Johor, Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>PharmEng Technology is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Regulatory Affairs Consultant</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>PharmEng Technology, an<strong> </strong>international leader providing engineering, validation, technology transfer, contract project support (manufacturing and testing), regulatory affairs and GMP compliance services to the Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology, and Medical Device industry is currently recruiting for</p><p>&#160;<strong>-&#160;&#160;Consultant, Regulatory Affairs, Quality Assurance&#160;&#160;-</strong></p><p><strong>-&#160;&#160;Any Classification of Product&#160;&#160;-</strong></p>&#160;&#160;<p>Looking for full time Consultants in to support Regional RA/QA, experienced with commercial or regulatory affairs, in any classification ranging from pharmaceuticals, biologics, cosmetics, health food, medical devices, hazardous chemicals etc. Fluency in business English + native language is required, including both spoken and written.</p><p>Professionals with relevant experience in any aspect of regulatory affairs are welcome to apply, such as product registration and variations, compilation of ICH/ACTD drug dossier, CSDT medical device and PIF for cosmetics etc, CMC compliance and change management, and import/export and CPP management.</p><p>Current urgent need requires the incumbent to have sound personal care experience in Cosmetics, Hand Sanitizers, Skin care category etc, preferably with regional experience.</p><p>This is a work from home opportunity mainly, but may be deployed on-site if required depending on the project requirements.</p><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><p>Consultant should be versatile and able to support full range of services related to regulatory affairs and quality assurance with a thorough understanding of regulations and industry practices, open to any scope that may come by in the pharmaceutical Consulting service industry.</p><p>Projects may vary. Projects may cover<span> end to end all aspects from product registration to providing regulatory support and intelligence, </span><span>review for compliance, translation, submission of dossier to health authority locally or regionally, and following up</span><span> on post-approval commitments, life cycle management etc. Also may be required to support Pharmacovigilance, Quality Management System of GDP, GDPMD, GMP, Validation etc, where required.</span></p><p><strong>Other supporting functions for Company</strong></p><p>To be open to new challenges and new scopes including general management and marketing of the business.</p><p>Consultant may be tasked to be involved with company administrative matters, such as marketing, branding and business development, managing client and vendors database, organizing / communication on training events etc.</p><p>Ability of Consultant to demonstrate interest and initiative in this area for the general process improvement and growth of company will be welcome.</p><p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p><p>Candidate should have minimum 1 - 2 years of experience doing regulatory affairs, product registration and submissions to the regulatory authorities.</p><p>Be a problem solver, self-driven, mature, able to work independently or in dynamic environments, able to manage projects to completion within allocated timeline. Be resourceful and able to seek answers to challenging questions regarding the Asian Regulatory environment.</p><p>Bachelor&#8217;s degree or above in Science, Pharmacy, Biomedical etc may apply&#160;&#160;</p><p><span>We offer full time / project base / part time flexible working conditions, where candidate may work remotely. However candidate must be able to manage projects to completion within timeline given.</span></p><p><span>Please apply at this link </span>https://www.pharmeng.asia/career<span> and submit your resume to hr.sg(at)phameng.com with current salary, benefits, and earliest date of availability.</span></p><p><span>Resumes to indicate an experience summary table of product classifications handled, dosage forms, product names if applicable, countries covered.</span></p><p><span>We appreciate your application, but regret that only qualified applicants will be contacted.&#160;</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>Headquartered in Toronto, Canada, PharmEng Technology&#160;is a global Consulting company, providing cross-border services in Engineering and Regulatory Affairs for the Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology and Medical Device industries. PharmEng offers a broad range of services such as Product Development, Project Management, Engineering, cGMP, Validation, Qualification, Calibration, Regulatory Affairs and Training etc.</div>
<div>We assist companies from strategic planning to commercialization, from clinical to manufacturing process scale up, final production, and to regulatory approvals, so as to meet regulatory compliance to bring safe and efficacious Therapeutic Products for marketing approvals across the world.</div>
<div><br>
The culture at PharmEng Technology is one of creativity, collaboration, and a team that delivers.<br>
We continuously seek talented people to become part of our team. We invite you to explore opportunities at PharmEng Technology if you possess the scientific and/or engineering skills coupled with the ability to create and communicate innovative and cost-effective solutions. Whether you&#8217;re a seasoned professional or a new graduate, PharmEng has numerous challenging and rewarding career opportunities that may interest you.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor, Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/regulatory-affairs-consultant-4596836?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4596836" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 