---
title: "Jin Jia Homes Sdn Bhd Vacancies Nursing Home Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-28 
excerpt: "Jin Jia Homes Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Nursing Home Manager which positioned at Tanjung Bungah/Teluk Bahang" 
tags: [Tanjung Bungah/Teluk Bahang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Jin Jia Homes Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Nursing Home Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Person-in-charge for the day to-day running of the home. She needs to promote a caring environment among the staff and residents, has leadership skills, ensures residents receives appropriate care by staff to their individual needs, to manage expenditure in accordance with allocated budgets and to undertake any other duties when required. Basic understanding of infection control will be an added advantages.</p><p>1. To supervise and manage the day-to-day running of the home.&#160;&#160;</p><p>2. To ensure the physical, medical and material needs of the residents are recognized, assessed and met.&#160;</p><p>3. To support residents in the taking of decisions in matters which affect their lifestyle.&#160;</p><p>4. To promote and encourage residents to participate in social activities within the home.</p><p>5. To be aware(record) on self medication taken by residents</p><p>6. To be responsible, with the Operations Manager for the efficient running of the domestic character of the home, which will include the following:</p><p>&#160;a) Planning menus with Operation Manager</p><p>&#160;b) Ensuring that the dietary needs of the residents are met(diabetic, cholesterol, HBP and etc)</p><p>c) Ensuring that good standards of food presentation are maintained</p><p>d) Ensuring that supplies are ordered&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</p><p>e) Ensuring that good standards of hygiene and cleanliness are maintained.&#160;</p><p>f) Planning social events/activities with service users and staff&#160;</p><p>g) Ensuring that the house has an homely feel and is tidy&#160;&#160;</p><p>h) To ensure that adequate arrangements are made for the introduction and reception of new residents.</p><p>i) To investigate complaints in accordance with complaints procedure</p><p>j) To ensure that there is a good communication with and between staff&#160;</p><p>k) To ensure that effective induction, supervision and assessment of staff is carried out&#160;</p><p>l) To ensure all staff is providing safe and good care for each residents by following the Company Policy and Procedure in respect of staff supervision.&#160;</p><p>m) To monitor on company hotline for any enquiries and communication with customers.</p><p>7. Maintain appropriate dress code at the working environment.</p><p>8. To prepare monthly duty roster.</p><p>JOB REQUIREMENTS</p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least Primary/Secondary School/SPM/"O" Level, Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma in Nursing or equivalent.</li><li>Diploma in nursing with at least 3-5 years supervising experience. Experience in geriatric nursing will be extra advantage.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;Bahasa Malaysia, English, Mandarin speaking is an added advantage.</li><li>Required skill(s): Must have experience in taking care of retirees and elderly, able to assists in setup for the home.</li><li>Must be able to work extended hours when required and response to emergency call duty during off day.</li><li>Professional, flexible conscientious and able to act with discretion at all times.</li><li>Strong interpersonal, communication and problem solving skill. Team oriented and service minded.</li><li>Applicant must be caring, patient, honest, reliable and able to demonstrate a genuine warmth and interest to the elderly.</li><li>Nurses and retiree are encouraged to apply.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Jin Jia Homes is a newly established elderly care home. We want to offer a concept of assisted living to our mobile residents to enable them to live as independently as possible under the watchful eyes of caring and nurturing staffs.&#160;</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Tanjung Bungah/Teluk Bahang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/nursing-home-manager-4566508?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4566508" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 