---
title: "UM SPECIALIST CENTRE SDN. BHD. Vacancies MEDICAL DIRECTOR" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-27 
excerpt: "UM SPECIALIST CENTRE SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the MEDICAL DIRECTOR which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>UM SPECIALIST CENTRE SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>MEDICAL DIRECTOR</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>GENERAL ACCOUNTABILITIES</strong></p><p>Primarily responsible is to oversee the Medical Services Division. Accountable to manage the Medical Consultants/Specialist, Staff Health Clinic, Nursing, Allied Health, Dietetic and Pharmacy department. Responsible for the leadership and management of the medical workforce and the services provided by the Medical Officers, Medical Consultants/Specialists, nurses and other allied health professionals. This includes all relevant operational, developmental and strategic matters. Accountable to support the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) in the execution and implementation of strategic initiatives in line with the UMSC&#8217;s vision, mission and values. Plays a pivotal role in facilitating clinicians and clinical workforce in the delivery of quality and service-excellence patient care.</p><p><strong>JOB REQUIREMENTS</strong></p><ol><li>Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS) from any University recognized by the Malaysian Government;</li><li>With MBA qualification; is an advantage</li><li>With any other degree related to the organization&#8217;s specialization</li><li>Valid Annual Practicing Certificate (APC) issued by Malaysian Medical Council.</li></ol><p><strong>EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS</strong></p><ol><li>Preferably with minimum 10 years of medical practice experience</li><li>Working experience in a private healthcare environment, is an absolute pre-requisite</li><li>Previous experience in hospital accreditation, license and credentialing, is an advantage</li><li><span>Experience in healthcare quality management, healthcare informatics and strategic management is highly desirable.</span></li></ol><p><strong>KNOWLEDGE, SKILL AND PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES REQUIREMENTS</strong></p><ol><li><span>Possesses excellent interpersonal skills and can work effectively with a diversity of personalities. Must be approachable, show respect for others and be able to present plans with effective communication and presentation skills. Must be an effective consensus builder.</span></li><li><span>Possesses good grasp of clinical work flow in both inpatient and outpatient settings, interest in clinical information systems and outcomes measurement.</span></li><li><span>Strong leadership with a mature sense of priorities and solid practical experience who can facilitate &#8220;buy in&#8221; among clinicians and support staff on the new strategic initiatives.</span></li><li><span>Management savvy, has a high tolerance for ambiguity and can work successfully in a matrix management model and multidisciplinary environment.</span></li><li><span>Project management savvy and a systems thinker with strong organizational skills who can pull all the pieces together and deliver on time and within budget.</span></li><li><span>A strong manager who is adaptable and has strong collaborative management style, a creative thinker with high energy and enthusiasm, and a team player who promotes the concepts of people working together versus individual performance.</span></li></ol></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<strong>UM Specialist Centre (UMSC)</strong> is a tertiary, sub-specialized private healthcare provider established in year 2000 and located adjacent to University Malaya Medical Centre (UMMC). UMSC is part of an integrated regional healthcare hub with UMMC and the Faculty of Medicine of University Malaya which is the oldest medical school in Malaysia. UMSC is renowned for its exceptional medical expertise supported by the 100-year-old tradition and ethos of Care, Research and Education as well as a team of compassionate and altruistic healthcare team comprising of highly skilled Professors and Associate Professors. Using their specialized medical knowledge and warm personalized service as our core competencies, UMSC has grown into one of the most successful and dynamic healthcare provider in the country.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/medical-director-4574903?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4574903" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 