---
title: "Homage Sdn Bhd Vacancies Care Specialist (Registered Nurses)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-05 
excerpt: "Homage Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Care Specialist (Registered Nurses) which positioned at Ipoh" 
tags: [Ipoh] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Homage Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Care Specialist (Registered Nurses)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>ROLE DESCRIPTION</strong></p><p><span>The Care Specialist is part of the Care Operations and Quality team to plan, organize and direct home care services and is experienced in nursing, with emphasis on community health education/experience. The nurse is responsible for overseeing all clinical, safety and quality aspects of care delivery to the homes of Homage&#8217;s seniors from recruiting and supervision of care professionals to delivery of care. This position is part of the Care Operations &amp; Quality team to ensure that the overall customer experience is seamless and of high quality.</span></p><p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p><ul><li><span>Support all clinical, safety and quality aspects of care delivery, following the standard protocols as defined by the Care Operations &amp; Quality Team</span></li><li><span>Conduct home care assessment and completes an initial assessment of senior and family to determine home care needs and provides a complete physical assessment and history of current and previous illness(es)</span></li><li><span>Initiate the plan of care and makes necessary revisions as patient status and needs change</span></li><li><span>Regularly monitor and re-evaluates patient homecare, nursing needs, and as part of adhoc quality assurance visits</span></li><li><span>Be part of the team to support onboarding session of Care Professionals</span></li><li><span>Provide caregiving services during exigency situations</span></li><li><span>Support training assignments which include competency tests for trainees</span></li><li><span>Work as part of the Care Operations team to implement and monitor quality control and compliance procedures of all aspects of caregiving</span></li><li><span>Support the Care Operations team in on-call duties</span></li></ul><p><strong>SKILLS &amp; EXPERIENCE</strong></p><ul><li><span>Minimum of 6 years nursing experience in hospital ward setting</span></li><li><span>Preferably post basic in geriatric care</span></li><li><span>Have experience supervising and leading a team&#160;</span></li><li><span>Must be a registered nurse with APC for 2021 from LJM</span></li><li><span>Must have valid BLS certified for 2021</span></li><li><span>Experience in working in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment</span></li><li><span>Ability to proactively identify areas of operational excellence with the Director, Care Operations &amp; Quality and create solutions</span></li><li><span>Ability to operate independently with minimal supervision</span></li><li><span>Excellent written and verbal communication skills; can communicate clearly and effectively</span></li><li><span>Ability to converse and write in Bahasa Malaysia, English and bonus if Mandarin (and other dialects)</span></li><li><span>Desire to make a big and positive impact</span></li><li><span>Experience in home care preferred but not essential</span></li><li><span>Possesses own vehicle for care visits</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Homage is redefining in-home caregiving for our parents, grandparents, friends and loved ones. At the heart of Homage are the families and caregivers we work with and the technology we build transforms their lives and care delivery experience. Here, everyone works on exciting, meaningful projects. We move fast, have fun and help each other out.</p><p>We&#8217;re looking for people who are talented, thoughtful, responsible and passionate individuals who share our values and passion for what we do. Your work will directly impact the lives of people receiving care, people delivering care, and the families that are normally left in the dark about the entire caring process. We are excited to be expanding our operations into Kuala Lumpur, from Singapore, are are looking for strong team players, people who can work with a very diverse team (engineers, care operations, sales folks.) We&#8217;re proudly backed by a group of top local investors, including Golden Gate Ventures, 500 Startups and SeedPlus.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Ipoh. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/care-specialist-registered-nurses-4554911?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4554911" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 