---
title: "Singapore Institute of Advanced Medicine Holdings Vacancies Dosimetrist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-01 
excerpt: "Singapore Institute of Advanced Medicine Holdings is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Dosimetrist which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Singapore Institute of Advanced Medicine Holdings is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Dosimetrist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Job Role&#160;</strong></div><div>The medical dosimetrist is a member of the radiation oncology team led by the radiation oncologist, should possess basic knowledge of the overall characteristics and clinical relevance of radiation oncology in the management of cancer or other disease processes, with special expertise in radiation therapy treatment planning. &#160;The job role is to develop, optimize, and monitor patient treatment plans and provide oversight to high level treatment procedures.&#160;</div><div><strong>Duties &amp; Responsibilities</strong></div><div>1. Design proton/photon treatment plan by means of computer and/or manual computation with optimal beam geometry to deliver a prescribed radiation dose and spare critical structures in accordance with the radiation oncologist's prescription.</div><div>2. Identify and contour normal and dose-limiting structures by utilizing images from one or more data sets. Assumes proficiency in image registration with various image data sets to include CT, MRI and PET.</div><div>3. Create and transfer reference images and localization markers for portal verification and treatment delivery to include DRRs, CBCTs and other IGRT methods, as specified.</div><div>4. Communicate with the radiation therapist(s) and assume an advisory role in the implementation of the treatment plan including: the correct use of immobilization devices and other treatment or imaging parameters.</div><div>5. Perform calculations for the accurate delivery of the prescribed dose, document all pertinent information in the patient record, and verify the mathematical accuracy of all calculations by an approved method.</div><div>6. Provide assistance and technical support to the medical physicist, in radiation safety and protection, qualitative machine calibrations, quality assurance of treatment plans and radiation oncology equipment.</div><div>7. Operates and performs quality assurance, under the direction of the Medical Physicist, on the treatment planning computer(s).</div><div>8. Supervise, perform, or assist in the application of specific methods of patient and/or beam dosimetry as directed by the Medical Physicist.</div><div>9. Utilize radiation monitoring devices to measure radioactivity and perform assays.</div><div>10. Teach applied aspects of medical dosimetry to students, radiation therapists and residents.</div><div>11. Participate in clinical research.</div><div>12. Participate in continuing education.</div><div>13. Participate in quality improvement processes.</div><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Degree in Medical Dosimetry of equivalent&#160;</li><li>Min. 3 years as working experience as Proton and/ or Photon Dosimetrist&#160;</li><li>Knowledgeable in the areas of anatomy, physiology, clinical oncology, radiobiology, radiation physics, and radiation safety.</li><li>Competent knowledge in the technical aspects of radiation oncology and medical physics to develop optimal treatment plans which include multi-modality (MR, PET) imaging for use in rigid and deformable registration, respiratory gating, and daily assessment of CBCT for dose tracking and possible treatment adaptation.</li><li>Knowledgeable in health care informatics-including the resources, devices and methods to acquire, store and retrieve data. Tools include computers and software such as Word, Excel, and Powerpoint as well as clinical guidelines, current medical terminology, information and communication systems.</li><li>Possess good communication and interpersonal skills to facilitate the exchange of information with patients, family members, the radiation oncology treatment team as well as outside entities.</li><li>Has high level critical thinking and problem-solving skills, to include the ability to make quick evaluation and decisions for on-line adaptive responsibilities.</li><li>Accurate calculations are required for all treatment plan implementation.&#160;</li><li>Works independently, but in collaboration with the Radiation Oncologist and Medical Physicist.</li><li>Has working knowledge of radiation safety principles and practices as well as current rules and regulations of regulatory agencies in Singapore.</li><li>Has the ability to interpret criteria and develop treatment plans as defined by relevant treatment protocols.</li><li>Knowledgeable in conducting clinical research including collecting data, implementing a study, and writing papers for publication.</li><li>Proton experienced preferred; but center is willing to train a photon candidate.</li><li>Experienced with Varian Aria, Eclipse and/or RayStation is a plus.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Singapore Institute of Advanced Medicine Holdings (SIAMH) is a privately held company dedicated to bringing cutting edge technology and services in diagnostic imaging, radiopharmaceuticals and oncology services in Singapore,&#160;and to leverage local biomedical research to benefit the local population and economy.</div>
<div>SIAMH has the following subsidiaries - Asia HealthPartners, Advanced Medicine Imaging and Proton Therapy.</div>
<div>Asia HealthPartners provide aesthetic, wellness and imaging services. It is the reference and training centre for GE Diagnostic Imaging.</div>
<div>Proton Therapy is the&#160;first proton therapy facility in South-East Asia, Australia and New Zealand, located at Biopolis, Singapore.</div>
<div>Advanced Medicine Imaging and Medical Centre is also located in our Biopolis facility and provides medical services and latest imaging technologies in partnership with Philips Healthcare, where we are a reference and education centre for them.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/dosimetrist-8314591/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8314591&sectionRank=6&token=0~605c6956-bbbb-4deb-b5da-2d23885825c8&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 