---
title: "Subang Jaya Medical Centre Vacancies Manager, Operating Theatre (Perianesthesia Services)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-01 
excerpt: "Subang Jaya Medical Centre is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Manager, Operating Theatre (Perianesthesia Services) which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Subang Jaya Medical Centre is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Manager, Operating Theatre (Perianesthesia Services)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>JOB DESCRIPTION</strong></div><ul><li>The Perianesthesia Services Manager is responsible to ensure the smooth running of perianesthesia procedures and practices.</li><li>Manages, coordinates, and maintains a team of perianesthesia technicians and nurses within the assigned unit.</li><li>Accountable for the professional and nursing activities to ensure high standard of care are maintained in perianesthesia service via the most cost-effective manner.</li><li>Works with the Director, Nursing Services to develop, plan and exercise budgetary control to ensure compliance to revenue protocols.</li><li>Plans for staff development and participates in Nursing Education Program.</li><li>Schedules and assigns duties to professional and ancillary nursing personnel based on patients&#8217; needs, available staff and unit requirements.</li><li>Work closely with Operating Theatre Nursing Managers for optimum outcomes on surgery cases.</li><li>Assists in the development of clinical policies and procedures and ensures effective implementation in the unit.</li><li>Carries out emergency resuscitation procedures, both cardiac and respiratory in the absence of medical staff.</li><li>Provides support for OT on-call team and doubles up for a second on-call team if required, in terms of perianesthesia services</li><li>Attend departmental meeting and participates in relevant committees and task force meeting</li><li>Conducts unit meeting to discuss plans and studies related to improvement of perianesthesia services</li><li>Liaises with Bio Medical Department to control tests of new equipment and to establishes a maintenance service program in the unit.</li><li>Responsible for organizing and planning duty roster and deploying available resources within the team effectively.</li><li>Regularly monitor the training programs for the team and initiates the required programs to carry out the training</li><li>Monitor and approve the monthly overtime claims on required staff hours worked.</li><li>Participates in interview and selection of personnel for the unit.</li><li>Assumes other responsibilities and related duties as may be assigned by the Director, Nursing Services from time to time.</li></ul><div><strong>REQUIREMENT</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma or&#160;<strong>Degree in Nursing</strong> or equivalent.</li><li>At least <strong>5 year(s) of supervisory&#160;</strong>working experience in the related field&#160; with post certification in area of specialization&#160;is required for this position.</li><li>SRN Registered with the Nursing Board</li><li><strong>Post basic certificate in Perianesthesia Care or Critical Care Nursing is required.</strong></li><li>Preferably assistant manager in Healthcare - Nurse/Medical Support &amp; Assistant or equivalent</li><li>Good knowledge of written and spoken English</li><li>Computer literate</li><li>Competent in Nursing Care&#160;Good interpersonal and communication skills</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul><div><strong>INTERESTED, KINDLY CLICK THE 'APPLY' BUTTON.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		The hallmarks that determine the provision of excellent healthcare are the breadth and depth in clinical expertise and the latest in medical technology, top-notch or trail-blazing services, integrated healthcare for end-to-end patient care, high survival rates, best patient safety practices, high calibre and well-trained staff and vibrant patient support group activities.</div>
<div>
		All the above and more is what made Subang Jaya Medical Centre (popularly known as SJMC), the Malaysian flagship 444-bed multi-disciplinary and tertiary care private hospital of Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care, a well-trusted and Malaysia&#8217;s most formidable standard-bearer for quality care today.&#160; Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care is a joint venture formed on 1 July 2013 between Ramsay Health Care, Australia and Sime Darby, Malaysia.&#160; The Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care Group comprises 4 private hospitals in Malaysia, 3 private hospitals in Indonesia and an exclusive day surgery facility in Hong Kong.</div>
<div>
		SJMC has served the community for well over a quarter of a century since it was first established in 1985.&#160; It has now become one of Asia-Pacific&#8217;s top hospitals through various accolades won over 3 decades, innumerable firsts in the practice of modern medicine and being a JCI-accredited hospital.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/manager-operating-theatre-perianesthesia-services-4523759?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4523759" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 