---
title: "WQ Park Health & Rehabilitation Centre Vacancies Occupational Therapist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-10 
excerpt: "WQ Park Health & Rehabilitation Centre is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Occupational Therapist which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>WQ Park Health & Rehabilitation Centre is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Occupational Therapist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Duties &amp; Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Work with patients who have a range of conditions, including neurological, neuromusculoskeletal, paediatric, cardiovascular, orthopaedic, hand injuries and etc.</li><li>Assess and treat their physical, developmental, social, emotional problem/condition.</li><li>Develop and review intervention programmes that encourage independent in daily living, school, work, leisure and function in community by the use of a range of approaches.</li><li>Involve carers in the intervention, review and rehabilitation of patients.</li><li>Educate patients and their carers about how to prevent and/or improve conditions.</li><li>Write patient case notes and reports and collect statistics.</li><li>Helping adult patient develop or regain physical or cognitive functioning or adjust to disabilities by implementing programs involving activities daily living, homemaking skills, vocational skills, recreational and social activities and directing aids and adaptation.</li><li>Helping children patient in sensory integration issues, cognitive functions movement and coordination problem by using the structured play and fun activities in helping them developing their readiness to the school, organization of task and behavior skills, refinement of motor skills and educating them in self-care abilities; especially for the older children.</li><li>Liaise with other healthcare professionals, such as Doctor, Occupational therapists, Speech Therapy and etcto exchange information about the background and progress of patients.</li><li>Keep up to date with new techniques and technologies available for treating patients.</li><li>Be legally responsible and accountable; be caring, compassionate and professional at all times.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirement</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess Degree in Occupational Therapy.</li><li>With or without experience of working experience in the related field. With 2 years experiences is an advantage.</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia and English. Other language is an advantage.</li><li>Optimistic, good team player, self-motivated, able to work independently and excellent interpersonal communication skills and professional behaviour.</li><li>Flexible in adapting to a wide variety of tasks and able to work under pressure.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>WQ Park is a specialized health and rehabilitation centre providing comprehensive treatment to patients of all ages - from children to adults.</p><p>Our corporate culture is to be the best one &#8211; stop centre excellence through compassion in the discipline of rehabilitation and to provide optimum quality of life for clients to experience life to the fullest.</p><p>In line with the business growth, we are looking for people who can generate ideas, creative, passion to build true competitive advantage and who can continue to help make our centre outstanding. If you feel you could be apart of the team, join us today as our&#160;&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/occupational-therapist-4561898?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4561898" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 