---
title: "CARDIAC VASCULAR SENTRAL (KUALA LUMPUR) SDN. BHD. Vacancies Infection Control, Nurse Manager / Assistant Nurse Manager" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-03-25 
excerpt: "CARDIAC VASCULAR SENTRAL (KUALA LUMPUR) SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Infection Control, Nurse Manager / Assistant Nurse Manager which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CARDIAC VASCULAR SENTRAL (KUALA LUMPUR) SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Infection Control, Nurse Manager / Assistant Nurse Manager</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong><em>Job Summary</em></strong></p><p>The Infection Control Lead is responsible in the development, implementation, education and evaluation of effective Infection Control standards-acting as a role model providing leadership and clinical practices. This position collaborates with the Infection Control Chairman and Committee in order to improve the infection prevention and control practices for both internal and external health care providers.&#160;</p><p><strong>Infection Control</strong></p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Analyze, develop, design, implement, monitor and ensure the hospital-wide Infection Control Practices is in line with current professional standards through observation and audits.</p><p>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Evaluate regularly prevention/control of infection measures in specific situations with a view to advising on continuous improvement.</p><p>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Investigate outbreaks of infection both in the healthcare and community settings with particular reference to their source and mode of spread. Report outbreaks to relevant department.</p><p>4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Exhibit strong leadership and management during the pandemic.</p><p>5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Facilitate contingency plans, practices and measures during outbreaks and actualize it.&#160;</p><p>6.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Build, enrich and effectively implement the &#8220;2S + 1E&#8221; and monitor the effectiveness to ensure strong outreach among the staffs &amp; customers.</p><p>7.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Innovate and educate awareness on infection control to all healthcare staff to ensure effective &amp; efficient infection control practices in day-to-day activities.</p><p>8.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Immediate reference and advice on matters related to infection control, abiding to infection control guidelines and standard precaution guidelines.</p><p><em>*2S+1E = Supervision, Surveillance &amp; Education*</em></p><p><strong>Environment, Safety &amp; Healthy</strong></p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Contribute to the application of effective environment, safety and health management.</p><p>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To advise CVSKL&#8217;s Management or any person in charge of a place of work on the measures to be taken in the interests of the safety &amp; health of the person employed at the place of work.</p><p>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Work closely with employer or person in charge of the place of work on matters pertaining to safety &amp; health of the place of work.</p><p>4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Actively collaborate with the hospital quality team &amp; operations team to devise continuous improvement strategies &amp; actions in terms environment, safety and health.</p><p><strong><em>Job Requirements</em></strong></p><p><strong>Experience &amp; Qualification</strong></p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Candidate must possess minimum a Diploma in Nursing.</p><p>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Candidate must possess a Post Basic Certificate in Infection Control.</p><p>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Minimum 5 years of experience in the related work field.</p><p><strong>Skills &amp; Knowledge</strong></p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Speak &amp; write English &amp; Bahasa Malaysia well and confidently.</p><p>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Familiar and have strong understanding on safety, health and environment matters &amp; practices.</p><p>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Have strong analytic &amp; problem-solving ability and presentation skill.</p><p>4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Able to lead a team for continuous improvement.</p><p>5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Excellent in Microsoft Office.</p><p><strong>Professional License or Statutory Requirements</strong></p><p>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Registered with the nursing board.</p><p><strong>To apply, please send in your updated resume indicating your last drawn and expected salary &amp; availability via the "Apply Now" option.</strong></p><p><strong>We regret to inform you that only shortlisted candidates would be notified for interviews.</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Cardiac Vascular Sentral (Kuala Lumpur) Sdn. Bhd. (CVSKL) is the region&#8217;s first and only private Cardiac and Vascular Centre of Excellence. CVSKL is housed with Malaysia&#8217;s most experienced and acclaimed heart and vascular specialists, who&#160;pioneered various heart procedures. Under the visionary leadership of CVSKL&#8217;s Chairman, Tan Sri Yahya (former founder of National Heart Institute (IJN) in 1992); this team of enthusiastic specialists and clinical staff have a mission to give the best treatment for the heart &#8220;with a heart&#8221;.</p><p>Whilst being a specialist cardiovascular and thoracic centre, CVSKL also offers services that cater to the general well-being of patients through its diabetes centre and health screening centre, Healthscan. CVSKL has 3 Operating Theatres (1 Hybrid) and 60 beds including 14 bedded ICU/CCU/CICU/HDU.</p><p>CVSKL is strategically located next to KL Sentral, the integrated transportation hub of the capital of Malaysia and the transfer point for major rail transit systems including the KLIA Ekspress.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/infection-control-nurse-manager-assistant-nurse-manager-4501411?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4501411" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 