---
title: "Raffles American School Vacancies School / Boarding Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-28 
excerpt: "Raffles American School is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the School / Boarding Nurse which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Raffles American School is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>School / Boarding Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>We are looking for a versatile School Nurse to join our School &amp; Boarding Health Centre on a 24/7 rotation basis. Candidate for this role with a caring and supportive nature, a &#8216;can-do&#8217; attitude, and a good understanding of the challenges faced by teenagers living away from home country.&#160;&#160;</div><ul><li>The ideal candidate for this position possesses excellent patient service skills, is able to work under pressure, and work independently is essential as this position involves lone working.</li><li>Diploma or Bachelor&#8217;s Degree/ Professional holder in Nursing</li><li>Minimum 5 years clinical experience after completion of studies specializing in Nursing.</li><li>Mandatory registered Nursing Board.</li><li>Available on call 24 hours, proactive, and able to handle any clinical situations.</li><li>Current CPR and First Aid certifications and supported with a Verifications of Transcript of training.</li><li>Ability to remain calm and deliver quality care in high-pressure situations.</li><li>International experience in order to understand parent concerns and needs of their children in a foreign country (culture).</li><li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills required.</li><li>Previous school and boarding experience will be an added advantage</li><li>Required languages: English and other Asian languages would be added advantage.</li></ul><div><br><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><ul><li>To provide a clinically effective, high-quality service of nursing care to schools and boarding pupils and first aid to all members of the community.</li><li>Assess, evaluate and implement in-patient care for pupils admitted to the Health Centre. Administering medications wound care and other treatment options. Place order, provide, and serve food and drinks for in-patients as required.</li><li>Collect pertinent student medical information and vital health data.</li><li>Example monitoring immunizations, managing communicable diseases.&#160;</li><li>Ensure that individual care plans are developed and written for students requiring them and made available to staff on a &#8216;need to know' basis. Render first aid and emergency care and dispensing medications, including packing and replenishing of medicine. This includes replenishing stock of all school and boarding first aid kits.</li><li>Respond and handling of emergency calls such as falls, burns, food poisoning and assess student/patient conditions, and make critical care decisions quickly.</li><li>Ability to provide emergency care for injured students who are being moved from an active injury scene to the hospital. Carry out nursing procedures advised by the doctor.</li><li>Initiate continuous improvement activities to identify causes of accidents and provide action plans to avoid future similar accidents.</li><li>Provide confidential counselling of health advice service as appropriate.</li><li>Establish and execute procedures for the control of infectious diseases.</li><li>Be aware of recommended safe storage, usage, and disposal of medical supplies and drugs.</li><li>Maintain treatment room stock, hygiene, and tidiness.</li><li>Develop and maintain good links and lines of communication with key staff whose primary responsibility is the duty of care and pupils in the school and boarding.</li><li>For boarding pupils, organizing doctors&#8217; visit, including advising pupils to attend and making appointments.</li><li>Arrange for boarding pupils to attend any medical, dental, or other health appointments as necessary.</li><li>Work closely with the Superiors to determine the best way to respond to calls based on the school&#8217;s priority system.</li><li>Report health screenings/ injury hazards and accidents.</li><li>Perform other ad-hocs task duties as and when is required.</li><li>Report health/ injury hazards and accidents.</li><li>Organize health talk and first aid training.</li><li>Encourage safe practices and awareness in school and boarding premises.</li><li>Maintaining a hygienic and safe working environment.</li><li>Perform other ad-hoc tasks duties as and when required.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>Raffles American School campus accommodates pre-kindergarten through 12th grade students. The 19-hectare school is envisioned as a holistic learning environment that is seamlessly interwoven into its beautiful setting. Given the slope of the site, The campus consists of three main &#8220;terraces,&#8221; with each terrace occupied by a cluster of grade levels.</div>
<div>Our facilities include technology-integrated classrooms, science labs, visual art, libraries, and performing arts studios, as well as a performing arts center including a 800 seater auditorium and a black box theater.&#160;</div>
<div>The campus also features a host of athletic amenities including: Two separate indoor air-conditioned gymnasiums, an olympic size swimming pool, a shallow training pool, outdoor tennis and basketball courts<strong>,</strong>&#160;soccer field, and stadium which includes a second full size soccer field, track and field, and 400 meter running track.</div>
</div>
<div><strong>Raffles American School is a learning community that empowers students to achieve their academic and life potential. Our rigorous and rich academic and co-curricular programs encourage student growth through a learning outcome approach, acknowledging multiple types of intelligence and paths to learning. We facilitate student success through collaboration with parents, a balanced focus on intellectual, emotional, physical, and social progress, and a profound belief that all students can learn.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/school-boarding-nurse-4574555?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4574555" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 