---
title: "WD Media (Malaysia) Sdn Vacancies Health & Wellness Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-07 
excerpt: "WD Media (Malaysia) Sdn is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Health & Wellness Nurse which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>WD Media (Malaysia) Sdn is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Health & Wellness Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>NURSE 2, HEALTH &amp; WELLNESSPasir Gudang, Johor, MalaysiaAsia Medical Clinics<div>WD Media (Malaysia) Sdn.</div>Requisition #: JR-0000061680Western Digital&#174;The next big thing in data is you!<div><strong>ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></div><ul><li>Overall in charge of in-house clinic operation &#8211; manning, ordering medications and managing inventory</li><li>Train, supervise and accountable for new nurse, locum nurses and assistant</li><li>Health promotion/Wellness programs and health education</li><li>Programs evaluation and regular follow-up</li><li>Assist in-house doctor to treat patients</li><li>Hazards communication</li><li>Case management-health restoration, rehabilitation and resettlement of sick workers</li><li>Assessment and management of work-related and non-work related injuries and illnesses</li><li>Health supervision at workplace- pre-employment and pre-placement health screening, periodic, pre-retirement medical/screening</li><li>Managing resources &#8211; budget and personnel</li><li>Provision of routine and emergency treatment service</li><li>Participate actively in crisis monitoring committee on the development of environmental hazards &amp; outbreak of diseases</li><li>Medical certificate administration</li><li>Keep updated on regulations and legislation</li><li>Participate in Emergency drills and disaster exercise</li><li>Administration of maternity leave application</li><li>Record keeping</li><li>Referral and issuance of guarantee letter</li><li>Assist employee in Socso and insurance claim</li><li>Counseling and advice on health and non-health related issues</li><li>Managing and counseling employee with high MC</li><li>Chronic illness management</li><li>Managing and coordinating medical surveillance programs</li><li>Negotiation of quotations and contracts with vendors</li><li>Cooperate and collaborate with government and outside agencies</li></ul><div><strong>Qualifications</strong></div><div><strong>REQUIRED:</strong></div><ul><li>Diploma / Degree in Nursing</li><li>Registered Nurse &#8211; Registration with Malaysian Nursing Board</li></ul><div><strong>PREFERRED:</strong></div><ul><li>Accident and Emergency training essential</li></ul><div><strong>SKILLS:</strong></div><ul><li>Computer literate</li></ul><div><strong>ABOUT WESTERN DIGITAL</strong></div><div>The future. It&#8217;s on you. You &amp; Western Digital.</div>We&#8217;ve been storing the world&#8217;s data for more than 50 years. Once, it was the most important thing we could do for data. Now we&#8217;re helping the world capture, preserve, access and transform data in a way only we can.<div>The most game-changing companies, consumers, professionals, and governments come to us for the technologies and solutions they need to capture, preserve, access, and transform their data.</div><div>But we can&#8217;t do it alone. Today&#8217;s exceptional data challenges require your exceptional skills. It&#8217;s You &amp; Us. Together, we&#8217;re the next big thing in data.</div><div>Western Digital&#174; data-centric solutions are found under the G-Technology&#8482;, HGST, SanDisk&#174;, Tegile&#8482;, Upthere&#8482;, and WD&#174; brands.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Western Digital - A Storage Solutions Leader</div>
<div>
<div>
		Western Digital is a company with strong values and a passion to innovate and lead the charge in the transformation of data. Creating the right environment where our employees can thrive is key to how we do business. Quality products, exceptional customer service and industry-leading solutions all come from a culture that&#8217;s inclusive, forward-thinking and bold enough to imagine the possibilities of data.&#160; We thrive on the power and potential of diversity. As a global company, we believe that the most effective way to embrace the diversity of our customers and communities is to mirror it from within. We believe that the fusion of various perspectives results in the best outcomes for our employees, our company, our customers, and the world around us. We are committed to an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/health-wellness-nurse-4458472?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4458472&sectionRank=8&token=0~dfa4c637-6b54-4bab-a71f-b4ca15c802fd&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 