---
title: "The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals PNG Inc Vacancies Associate Veterarian" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-19 
excerpt: "The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals PNG Inc is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Associate Veterarian which positioned at " 
tags: [] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals PNG Inc is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Associate Veterarian</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>VETERINARIAN JOB ADVERTISEMENT </strong>on 26.02.21</p><p>If you&#8217;re a qualified veterinarian looking to make a difference, exploring a new beginning with the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals of Papua New Guinea (RSPCAPNG) Inc means opening a door to opportunities to perform complex surgical procedures and work up complex medical cases as referral is not a possibility here. We are seeking a confident candidate to join our small, dedicated veterinary team in the beautiful South Pacific country of Papua New Guinea.</p><p>Based in Port Moresby, the RSPCAPNG is the only animal shelter and private veterinary clinic in PNG.</p><p>RSPCAPNG is a not-for-profit organization established in 1976, and has been actively growing for the past 15 years. We not only practice veterinary medicine but strive to contribute to our community and advance patient healthcare through advocacy.</p><p>The RSPCAPNG is overseen by a volunteer Committee, and managed by a General Manager with full operations and administration teams. Our current veterinary team comprises of 2 Associate Veterinarians, 5 veterinary nurses, 3 customer service officers, 2 kennel hands, 1 Clinic Administration Officer, all managed by a licensed veterinarian Practice Manager.</p><p>Our facilities include 4 consult rooms, a treatment area with adjacent hospital room, quarantine holding kennels, infectious disease hospital ward, 16 run kennels, Idexx Vetscan and Catalyst, small laboratory set up, digital radiology, Doppler ultrasound, 2 surgical rooms, and dental cleaning and surgical equipment.</p><p><strong>Qualifications / Responsibilities</strong></p><p>RSPCAPNG is seeking to employ a third full time Associate Veterinarian with at least 3 years&#8217; experience in small animal medicine to meet the need of expanding access to care and increasing capacity for services.</p><p>We value a professional demeanour and appearance, as well as a candidate with excellent interpersonal skills and a positive friendly attitude. We see the entire spectrum of clients throughout our operation, so a respectful and willing approach to work with clients to find solutions to meet the pet&#8217;s needs is critical.</p><p>Our operations run Monday through Friday 8am to 5pm, and Saturdays 8am to 2pm. The schedule would be shared among the Associate Veterinarians, as this the only veterinary facility in Port Moresby it can mean attending on nights, weekends and holidays at times.</p><p>You will be responsible for shared day-to-day case management of the clinic patients, shelter animals, pound animals, and out of town patients. Additionally, you oversee the veterinary support staff, training and mentoring them as well as ensuring the administrative policies and decisions are followed. Your position also involves the promotion of the RSPCAPNG welfare activities.</p><p><strong>Requirements</strong></p><p><strong>Essential</strong></p><p>o&#160;&#160;A veterinary degree from an accredited university</p><p>o&#160;&#160;Eligibility for registration as a veterinary surgeon in Papua New Guinea</p><p>o&#160;&#160;Veterinary Medical licensure in another country, in good standing, with no revocation of licensure in any country</p><p>o&#160;&#160;Relevant veterinary experience &#8211; at least 3 years, primarily in small animal medicine</p><p>o&#160;&#160;Experience teaching / training veterinary support staff</p><p><strong>Desirable</strong></p><p>o&#160;&#160;Experience in shelter animal medicine and exotic / PNG Native Species (macropods, amphibians, reptiles, avian)</p><p>o&#160;&#160;Experience with RX Works Veterinary Software</p><p>o&#160;&#160;Providing High Quality High Volume (HQHV) Spay and Castration of cats and dogs</p><p><strong>Remuneration</strong></p><p>The salary package will be commensurate with the skills and experience of the successful candidate. This package will include medical insurance, 20 days&#8217; annual leave and annual return airfares, access to a fully maintained vehicle and on-site shared accommodation.</p><p>To find out more about us, please look us up on our website wwww.rspca.org.pg or follow us on our Facebook page RSPCA of PNG.</p><p>If you wish to discuss the position in person, you can call Dr Annie Eure ph +675 75294941. Overseas applications are encouraged. Please ensure you address criteria requirements as part of your application packet.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Additional Company Information</h4></div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><span>Industry</span></div><div><span>Others</span></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><span>Specific Location</span></div><div><span>Port Moresby</span></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in . <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/associate-veterarian-4541425?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4541425" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 