---
title: "SPECTRUM OF LIFE SDN BHD Vacancies Head Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-13 
excerpt: "SPECTRUM OF LIFE SDN BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Head Nurse which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>SPECTRUM OF LIFE SDN BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Head Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>We are looking for Head Nurse who believed in Integrative Medicine and embrace the philosophy of treating the patient as a whole person. You need to be resourceful, passionate and caring in delivering stellar patient care through advanced integrative medical practices. We will love you if you are flexible, adaptable and affable to work with our awesome SOL team.&#160;As a friendly and loving Head Nurse in our centre, you will be:<ul><li>Oversee the work of nursing and operations team and supervise all medical and laboratory services.</li><li>Supervising efficient working of staff nurses and coordinate with doctors to develop all clinical services.</li><li>Managing all the administrative duties of the nursing and operations team.</li><li>Scheduling shifts for the staff nurses and customer service team and assign duties to them.</li><li>Review and supervise the pre-operative settings made by the nurses and the operations team in the centre and ensure that it is compliance to the company&#8217;s standards.</li><li>Collecting work reports from all the nurses regarding their day-to-day activities and maintains a record of them.</li><li>Presenting the records collected from all the nurses to the respective doctors who are handling cases of those patients</li><li>Understand all treatments and screening facilities in the centre.</li><li>Maintain and provide update to all medical records.</li><li>Performing diagnostics and wellness treatments to patients.</li><li>Administer all nursing services provided to patient and ensure compliance to laws and regulations.</li><li>Assist and conduct training programs for the new nurses and nurses who need guidance.</li><li>Propose training for staff as regards to quality nursing procedures, customer service &amp; ensure the entire team reach to the standard set by the Company</li><li>Imparts knowledge on best-practice nursing procedures to team members.</li><li>Conduct inventories and requests ordering of professional products and supplies.</li><li>Maintain queuing system in the centre.</li><li>Collaborates with other health care team members to develop healthcare plans that promote continuity for patients as they receive complementary and alternative health care.</li><li>Monitor all patient care activities and ensure adherence to the company&#8217;s policies to ensure patient satisfaction.</li><li>Establishing and maintaining effective relationship with patients, medical and operations staff.</li><li>Handle all types of complaints from the patients and solving patent&#8217;s problems and being able to track and monitor their feedback efficiently. Ensure that all customers&#8217; queries are well-investigated and resolved.</li><li>Developing SOP for the nursing team and operations</li><li>Communicate management&#8217;s objective to the operations team and to ensure the efforts of the team are focused.</li><li>Able to come up with good service strategy and KPI&#8217;s (Key Performance Indicator) to improve quality of service for continuous improvement</li><li>Participate in periodic performance and evaluate performance improvement plans for the staff nurses and customer service team.</li><li>Ensure resources are being utilised at optimum level.</li></ul><br>This job might be for you if you possess the following criteria:<ul><li>A Diploma or Degree in nursing with valid Annual Practising Certificate (APC).</li><li>At least 5 Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Registered under the Nursing Board.</li><li>Patience in handling patients and ensure their well beings.</li><li>Professional responsibility and accountability.</li><li>Possess leadership, management, administration and planning skills.</li></ul><br>It will be awesome if you:<ul><li>Possess positivity &amp; enthusiasm.</li><li>Are passionate, loving and caring.</li><li>Able to handle criticism.</li><li>Have exceptional communication, time management, and customer service skills.</li><li>Knowledge in complementary and alternative medicine treatment and screening</li><li>Able to react calmly and effectively in emergency situations.</li></ul><br>The perks you&#8217;ll enjoy:<ul><li>Competitive salary package.</li><li>A team of supportive and awesome people to work with.</li><li>Opportunities for career development and advancement.</li><li>An open mind for new ideas. We value creativity, hard work, initiative and radical ideas.</li></ul><br>Think you might be a good fit? Then flaunt your impressive resume already!</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>We are an awarded (by Malaysia Tourism Council) integrative healthcare center&#160;(alternative and complementary medicine) in the capital of Malaysia Kuala Lumpur that has a space of roughly 34,000 square feet. Our center is similar to a medical center which provides full health screening, treatment, and prescription of supplements/herbs/nutrition.Our company has dedicated employees working together towards a common goal of achieving excellence.We are a company focused on talent development to help build our expanding business.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/head-nurse-4521807?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4521807" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 