---
title: "Bright World Optics Vacancies Optometrist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-13 
excerpt: "Bright World Optics is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Optometrist which positioned at " 
tags: [] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Bright World Optics is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Optometrist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li>Contract Period: 2 years</li><li>Working Hours: 8 hours per day, 6 days a week</li><li>Overtime: Paid 1.5 times more than the regular pay rate</li><li>Rewards: Sales Target Incentives, Loyalty Incentives</li><li>Paid Holidays: Paid Public Holidays + 14 working days paid leave after contract completion</li><li>Free Air Ticket from home country to Brunei. Free Air Ticket from Brunei to home country after every contract completion.</li><li>Medical Attention Provided</li><li>Free Transportation to and from work</li><li>Free Accommodation - Fully furnished with air-conditioning, cooking appliances and washing machine included. Water and Electricity Paid by Company.</li><li>Employee Insurance Provided - Includes workmen's compensation, 24 hours personal accident, medical expenses, daily hospital income benefit, hospital and surgical expenses and more.</li><li>Extensive training provided by our experienced practitioners.</li></ul><p>Qualifications Required:</p><ul><li>Bachelor of Optometry, or Doctor of Optometry Degree</li></ul><p>Scope of Practice:</p><ul><li>Speak to patients to get detailed case histories from them</li><li>Perform vision tests using observation, instruments and equipment</li><li>Operate lensometer and other equipment and tools to achieve proper fittings for patients, and determine clients' present eyeglasses prescriptions, when necessary</li><li>Determine visual acuity, perception, and visual field</li><li>Evaluate eye-related symptoms, such as discharge, redness and inflammation, and refer patients to ophthalmologists or health care professionals, if problems is out of scope of practice</li><li>Diagnose sight problems, such as nearsightedness, farsightedness, glaucoma, colour blindness, strabismus</li><li>Interpret optical prescriptions written by Ophthalmologists</li><li>Analyse test results and prescribe eye-glasses, contact lenses and contact lens care regiment</li><li>Give advice to patients on lens type, frames and styling, lens treatments including tints and coatings</li><li>Educate patients on proper visual hygiene and contact lens care</li><li>Manage the retail aspects and selling targets of spectacles, contact lenses and ophthalmic lenses</li><li>Achieve sales goals and quotas as determined by management while attending to patients' specific needs</li><li>Manage and train staff, including other optometrists, dispensing opticians and optical assistants</li><li>Maintain patients records and management reports</li><li>Liaise with merchandising department, manage and administer the optical store</li><li>Hold and keep safe store keys and bank-in cash sales</li><li>Recruit staff, supervise and train, and manage professional development</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Bright World Optics is the largest Optical retail chain store in Brunei. Established in 1989, we offer eyewear, eye care and optometry services. Bright World Optics has been developing and growing our optometrists' clinical practice for more than 30+ years. Progress you career with us and grab a great opportunity! Serving patients nationwide in Brunei Darussalam. Brunei is located on the north coast of Borneo island. Brunei, a Malay Muslim monarchy, is a peaceful and safe country, filled with gentle people who live a very relaxed lifestyle.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in . <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/optometrist-4588589?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4588589" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 