---
title: "CARDIAC VASCULAR SENTRAL (KUALA LUMPUR) SDN. BHD. Vacancies State Registered Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-27 
excerpt: "CARDIAC VASCULAR SENTRAL (KUALA LUMPUR) SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the State Registered Nurse which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CARDIAC VASCULAR SENTRAL (KUALA LUMPUR) SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>State Registered Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>State Registered Nurse (SRN) for Diagnostics Department</strong></p><p>Key responsibilities</p><ul><li>Responsible to perform a competent level of standard and quality nursing care which include assessing, diagnosing, identifying outcomes, planning, implementing, and evaluating nursing care and procedures rendered to patients in the department.</li><li>While most critical non-invasive cardiac procedures will be supervised by the Consultants, the SRN must be able to work with minimal supervision for the simple tests and nursing care rendered in the unit.</li><li>List of diagnostic tests or studies ordered by the Consultants that may be performed by the SRN include Electrocardiogram (ECG), Holter&#8217;s Monitoring, Event Monitoring, Spirometry Test, Exercise or Medication Administered Stress Test.</li><li>Assist Consultants in performing resuscitation of patients during emergency situations.</li><li>Establish IV access for all non-invasive procedures that may require intravenous access.</li><li>Ensure the provision of courteous, prompt services and customer-focused services to both the patients and visitors.</li></ul><p>Job requirements</p><ul><li>Must be a licensed state registered nurse (SRN) with a valid Annual Practising Certificate.</li><li>A minimum two years of experience in a related healthcare position. Previous work experience in non-invasive cardiac procedures will be an advantage.</li><li>Current BLS and ACLS certification is required.</li><li>Ability to assess, plan, implement and evaluate nursing care according to individual needs.</li><li>Must demonstrate an understanding of clinical risk.</li><li>Must demonstrate consistent professional conduct and meticulous attention to detail.</li><li>Must possess excellent verbal communication skills as well as excellent interpersonal skills with patients, staff, and other healthcare professionals.</li><li>Must possess good teamwork.</li></ul><p>Benefits</p><ul><li>Normal office working hours, no shift is required, but might have to work overtime on case-to-case basis for any procedure ordered by Consultants in late evening. Replacement time-off is provided for the overtime done.&#160;</li><li>Continuous core competency training and soft skill training are provided.&#160;&#160;</li></ul><p>We regret to inform that only shortlisted candidates will be reached out.&#160;</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Cardiac Vascular Sentral (Kuala Lumpur) Sdn. Bhd. (CVSKL) is the region&#8217;s first and only private Cardiac and Vascular Centre of Excellence. CVSKL is housed with Malaysia&#8217;s most experienced and acclaimed heart and vascular specialists, who&#160;pioneered various heart procedures. Under the visionary leadership of CVSKL&#8217;s Chairman, Tan Sri Yahya (former founder of National Heart Institute (IJN) in 1992); this team of enthusiastic specialists and clinical staff have a mission to give the best treatment for the heart &#8220;with a heart&#8221;.</p><p>Whilst being a specialist cardiovascular and thoracic centre, CVSKL also offers services that cater to the general well-being of patients through its diabetes centre and health screening centre, Healthscan. CVSKL has 3 Operating Theatres (1 Hybrid) and 60 beds including 14 bedded ICU/CCU/CICU/HDU.</p><p>CVSKL is strategically located next to KL Sentral, the integrated transportation hub of the capital of Malaysia and the transfer point for major rail transit systems including the KLIA Ekspress.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/state-registered-nurse-4549835?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4549835" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 