---
title: "Engage Group Pte Ltd Vacancies Regulatory Affairs Manager, SEA (Advanced Medical Devices) – US corporate" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-13 
excerpt: "Engage Group Pte Ltd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Regulatory Affairs Manager, SEA (Advanced Medical Devices) – US corporate which positioned at Singapore" 
tags: [Singapore] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Engage Group Pte Ltd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Regulatory Affairs Manager, SEA (Advanced Medical Devices) – US corporate</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Regulatory Affairs Manager, SEA (Advanced Medical Devices) &#8211; US multinational corporate</strong></div><div>A multi-billion-dollar Medical Device manufacturer is seeking for a Regulatory Affairs Manager to manage the regulatory requirements of new and current medical and advanced surgical products.</div><div><strong>The Opportunity</strong></div><div>As the Regulatory Affairs Manager you will have the responsibility to oversee the regulatory requirements of medical products for the South East Asia region.&#160; You will be accountable for ensuring that regulatory deadlines for new and existing products meet the business needs.&#160; This position will provide the much-desired opportunity to work across multiple regions within SEA.</div><div><strong>What we look for:</strong></div><ul><li>Experience within the regulatory space including industries such as medical and healthcare, pharmaceuticals, medical devices, regulatory compliance and other engineering or science industries</li><li>Has gained exposure within a regulatory role minimum 3 years&#8217; experience and above</li><li>Can demonstrate an understanding of regulations relating to medical products and devices at a local and international level</li><li>Demonstrate experience in product registrations, renewals, regulatory documentation, requirements and regulatory processes</li><li>Experience in liaising with regulatory bodies when required</li><li>Ability to keep abreast of any changes to legislation, medical standards and any new requirements in South East Asia</li><li>Strong communication skills and the ability to train and present regulatory updates to staff and management</li><li>Experience in drafting standard operating procedures and work instructions</li></ul><div><strong>What we offer:</strong></div><ul><li>Opportunity within an innovative medical technology company</li><li>Working with the latest advancements in surgery</li><li>Exciting and dynamic environment</li><li>Competitive remuneration and benefits</li><li>Long term and future career growth</li></ul><div><strong>What&#8217;s next?</strong></div><div>We are now currently shortlisting for the Regulatory Affairs profile to undertake this role.&#160; We welcome applications from people within the Medical field including pharmaceutical, medical devices, biotechnology, life-science, regulatory and similar backgrounds.</div><div>Please reply directly to this posting with your most updated CV, current and expected salary.</div><div>We apologise that due to the high volume of applicants we may be unable to respond to everyone.&#160; Should you not hear from us, please assume your application was unsuccessful for this time and we welcome your application again the next.</div><div>We look forward to considering your application.</div><strong>Engage Group Medical &#8211; Asia Pacific</strong><br>application@engagegroup.com.sg</div><div>Wishing you a strong 2021 - from the team @ Engage Group</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>&#8203;Engage Group is a fully licensed Singapore incorporated boutique Executive Search firm specialising in niche practice areas.</div><div>With our experience gained in the global setting we combine our core strengths of training, intuition, commercial acumen and strategic insight to help businesses expand their operations across the region and individuals in progressing their careers.</div><div>With the experience in leading industries our vertical market specialisms include hiring for positions within the spectrum of Medical &amp; Healthcare, Energy, Cyber Security and Legal.</div><div>Because of the nature of a competitive business environment along with the shortage of specialist talent, we are here to provide the bridge to match the right people to the right organisations.</div>At Engage Group we respect that peoples careers form a huge part of their lives and the decisions that people make around their jobs can define their road map.&#160; Because of this we at Engage Group will always adhere to our core values and keep them present in everything we do.&#160;&#160;<div>Engage Groups core values are:&#160;<strong>Honesty, Integrity &amp; Professionalism.</strong></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Singapore. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/regulatory-affairs-manager-sea-advanced-medical-devices-us-corporate-8291763/origin/sg?jobId=jobstreet-sg-job-8291763&sectionRank=25&token=0~8e54fc56-e00e-4676-bf56-4a48ebf7814e&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 