---
title: "DCH Auriga (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Supervisor - Quality Assurance" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-23 
excerpt: "DCH Auriga (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Supervisor - Quality Assurance which positioned at Shah Alam/Subang" 
tags: [Shah Alam/Subang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>DCH Auriga (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Supervisor - Quality Assurance</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>As a Management Representative (MR) having the following authority and responsibility according to the requirements of ISO &amp; GDMPD including:</p><p>a) Ensuring that processes of the quality management system are established and maintained.</p><p>b) Reporting to top management on the performance of the quality management system, and any need for improvement.</p><p>c) Ensuring the promotion of awareness of customer requirements throughout the organization.</p><p>d) To liaise with external parties on matters relating to the quality system.</p><p><strong>Responsibility:</strong></p><p>1. Maintenance of Quality and Regulatory requirements in accordance to the service scope contracted with existing and future Clients. All in accordance to the requirements of the industry by regulatory agencies and the Ministry of Health.</p><p>2. Develops reviews and maintains quality procedures and records to ensure compliance with quality regulations and best practices</p><p>3. Develops and/or updates company complaints management and inspection procedures to ensure issues are captured and investigations occurs, as well as proper categorization of complaints by product- or distribution- related, severity of the consequences of the complaints and proper documentation of complaints.</p><p>4. Lead/ conduct internal audit &amp; participates in internal &amp;external quality audits.</p><p>5. Collaborates with cross functional personnel to provide root cause investigation and develop corrective actions to respond to:</p><p>- Complaints logged</p><p>- internal and external audit findings</p><p>6. Responsible for the organizational structure, roles and day-to-day operations of the Quality Control team for Medical Devices / Pharmaceuticals</p><p>7. Builds expertise and ownership to establish and continually improve validation quality system and to ensure accuracy, completeness and compliance.</p><p>8. Supports the execution of process or equipment validations, revalidations, re-qualifications, and on-site projects.</p><p>9. Ensure there is prompt and effective communication both internally and externally to keep all interested parties informed proactively. This includes but not limited to superiors, subordinates, colleagues, principals and customers.</p><p>10. Reviews and executes validation protocols and summary reports and ensures those are technically correct and comply with internal and external requirements</p><p>11. Ensures products meet all quality standards and are in compliance with the necessary quality requirements / regulations prior to product release</p><p>12. Participates in quality improvement projects</p><p>13. Foster close working relationships with the Management Team and all Business Department/Section Heads in communication, development and follow-up of quality assurance implementation of validation to support the company&#8217;s Quality Management System for Central Warehouse</p><p>14. Ad Hoc duties as instructed by immediate superior.</p><p>15. Develops a high performing Quality Assurance culture within the team and Company.</p><p>16. Identifies training needs and coaching opportunities to develop highly skilled team.</p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Logistic/Transportation, Others, Quantity Survey or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, Mandarin, English, Tamil</li><li>At least 2 year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Junior Executives specializing in Healthcare - Pharmacy or equivalent.</li><li>Full-Time position(s) available.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Auriga is an Asian-based integrated market management provider specialising in healthcare. We aim to connect the world&#8217;s leading healthcare and life sciences companies to care providers and patients across Asia with a comprehensive range of responsible and effective market management solutions.
	<div>
		For over 50 years, we&#8217;ve helped our partners bring essential pharmaceutical,&#160;medical devices&#160;and life science offerings to Asia with ethical integrity, partnership and transparency. Offering both commercial and logistics solutions, Auriga has operations in Hong Kong, Macau, mainland China, Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia, Brunei and the Philippines. In alignment with our mission to enrich lives with quality care, we distribute more than 500 brands at over 10,000 points of sale.</div>
	In November 2017, LF Asia was rebranded as DCH Auriga to signify a new chapter for the company with an exclusive focus on the healthcare industry. Our name is inspired by a constellation known in both the Western and Eastern traditions as 'the charioteer. It symbolises our commitment to help our principals navigate market complexities as they explore new opportunities. Auriga represents our mission of stewardship, expansion and growth.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Shah Alam/Subang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/supervisor-quality-assurance-4597070?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4597070" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 