---
title: "International SOS (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Remote Site Doctor" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-06 
excerpt: "International SOS (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Remote Site Doctor which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Selangor, Terengganu, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Selangor, Terengganu, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>International SOS (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Remote Site Doctor</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Summary :-</strong></div><div>To perform the role of Remote Site Doctor, by providing emergency and primary health care and co-ordinating the relevant clinical and administrative tasks in keeping with the standard operating policies and procedures.</div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities :-</strong></div><div><div>He/she will be required:&#160;</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;1. To provide primary medical care on site to the client and agreed other parties.</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;2. To provide appropriate emergency medical/trauma response and care. Including the preparation and management&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;of emergency evacuations of client personnel as directed by Intl.SOS Coordinating Doctor.&#160; In particular the</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;Intl.SOS Coordinating Doctor shall be consulted in the event of serious or potentially serious medical or trauma</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;conditions.</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; 3.&#160; To provide appropriate medical and trauma care to client personnel at the Remote Site Doctoral facilities.&#160; This is to</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;be done in consultation and liaison with the Intl.SOS Coordinating Doctor as appropriate.</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; 4.&#160; Assessment and immediate treatment of serious illness or injury including assessment, treatment, and regular&#160;</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; follow up of all cases until there is complete resolution of the condition, the case is disembarked from the installation</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; or when required, till a critically ill patient is delivered to receiving care in a suitable hospital.&#160; This care includes, but&#160;</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; is not limited to:</div></div><div>Assessment and immediate treatment using advanced life support or Basic trauma life support skills in the event of serious trauma, shock, or cardiac arrest, including:</div><ul><li>Airway Management: including oxygen therapy, endotracheal incubation.</li><li>Use of Monitor, defibrillator and ventilator</li><li>Use of extrication and spinal immobilization devices</li><li>Medication therapy. Intravenous therapy: with peripheral venous line placement and the administering of colloid/crystalloid solutions (to counteract hypovolaemic states due to bleeding, burns, severe diarrhea or vomiting</li><li>Management of fractures and soft tissue injuries, including wound care management and proper local anaesthetic techniques, cleansing, debridement, suturing and bandaging.</li></ul><div>Assessment and treatment of common illnesses.&#160; This care includes, but is not limited to:</div><ul><li>Diagnosis and management of the skin, eyes, ears, nose, throat, respiratory, gastrointestinal, cardiovascular and genitor-urinary systems.</li><li>Ensuring appropriate referral cases which have not resolved as expected</li><li>Local environmental health risks; be aware, recognize, prevent and treat as appropriate.</li><li>Health Promotion; to integrate preventive services into the normal course of medical support duties e.g. health promotion programs, immunization updates.</li><li>Presenting information to employees on healthy lifestyles (alcohol, drugs, smoking, diet, weight control, exercise etc.)</li><li>Counselling within a doctor&#8217;s skill level. Information for all community members on preventive measures to be taken against risks specific to the area</li></ul><div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;5. To follow company procedures and guidelines as defined in the PKA.SOS and or Intl.SOS Standard Operating&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;Procedures (SOPs) and Medical Emergency Response Plan (MERP).</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;6. To treat all medical information and information about client&#8217;s activities obtained in the course of working on the</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;project in the strictest confidential. In relation to medical information attention must be paid to Intl.SOS&#8217;s Professional</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;Code of Conduct.</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;7. To perform basic tests for any site agreed Occupational Health Program.</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;8. To direct the day-to-day activities of the medical facilities as the site representative for Intl.SOS.</div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;9. To work proactively to ensure continuity in the delivery of the medical program to the client.<div>&#160; &#160; &#160;10. Provide Basic First Aid Training (non certified) to all site employees using Intl.SOS material and client approved&#160;</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;guidelines.</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160;11. Undertake periodic health and hygiene inspections of site facilities and provide assistance in identifying health and</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;hygiene needs.</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160;12. To provide supportive medical services on an emergency basis to the local community, as directed by the client&#8217;s</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;medical services representative.</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160;13. Any other duties and responsibilities as may be required and agreed between Client and the Medical Services centre</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;to further the Project Safety, Health, Hygiene and Environmental programs.</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160;14. To travel to locations where emergency medical services are required in as timely a manner as possible. This will</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;normally be directed by Intl.SOS Assistance Center or Medical Services centre in conjunction with the senior client</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;supervisor or their nominated site representative.&#160; This travel may also include travel from site to nearest approved</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;medical support facilities or handover to next medical evacuation team as directed by the Intl.SOS Coordinating</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;Doctor.</div>&#160; &#160; &#160;15. Stabilization and preparation of patients in cases of emergency medical evacuation.<div>&#160; &#160; &#160;16. Provide support to manage clinic activity, epidemiology, drugs, and stocks.</div>&#160; &#160; &#160;17. Maintain medical supplies and equipment as per PKA.SOS and or Intl.SOS standards<div>&#160; &#160; &#160;18. Inspect and maintain First Aid and emergency eye wash stations if required.</div>&#160; &#160; &#160;19. Assist in safety inductions for all new arrivals to site.<div>&#160; &#160; &#160;20. To work alongside Safety team to participate in accident/incident investigations.</div>&#160; &#160; &#160;21. Assist in basic level First Aid training for rescue or emergency response teams.<div>&#160; &#160; &#160;22. When not involved with patients, assisting in non-medical duties if required: Filing, T-cards, maintaining POB.</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;Arrange manifests for personnel/freight on helicopter and other duties associated with personnel movement and&#160;</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;relevant to the site requirements.</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160;23. When necessary, assist radio operator with assignment of rooms and emergency stations and muster points. (For</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;offshore facilities)</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160;24. To strive for personal development and achievement according to the MS career ladder program.</div>&#160; &#160; &#160;25. Assist Training Manager in teaching resource development and preceptor programs.<div>&#160; &#160; &#160;26. Ensure that PKA.SOS and or Intl.SOS is represented in a professional manner and that this is respected in terms of&#160;</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;conduct, appearance and service.</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160;27. To prepare the agreed upon reports describing the activities of the medical facilities and to ensure that all necessary</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;reports are provided on any schedule agreed between PKA.SOS and or Intl.SOS and client.</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160;28. Maintain accurate and complete medical records including responsibility in maintaining confidentiality of medical</div><div>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;records.<br>&#160;</div><div><strong>OH&amp;S Responsibility</strong></div></div><ul><li>Participate in the development and maintenance of a safe and healthy workplace.</li><li>Undertake all mandatory OH&amp;S training as required.</li><li>Comply with any reasonable instructions, policies, procedures or safe work practices given by Intl.SOS in adhering to safe work procedures.</li><li>Co-operate with management in its fulfillment of its legislative obligations.</li><li>Take reasonable care to ensure their own health and safety and the safety of others.</li><li>To report any injury, hazard or illness as soon as possible to their supervisor.</li></ul><div><strong>Additional Duties&#160; And Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>To work within and promote all PKA.SOS and Intl.SOS&#8217;s, procedures and corporate values.</li><li>To be aware of PKA.SOS and Intl.SOS&#8217;s OHS&amp;E policies, practices and procedures and actively participate in the ongoing development and enhancement of these important areas of our business.</li><li>Undertaking project work or reasonable duties as requested by the direct Manager.</li><li>Will participate in the overall development of the clinic&#8217;s base as may be reasonably requested by the marketing department.</li><li>All employees are responsible for ensuring compliance with OHS&amp;E requirements and keeping the workplace safe, free of harassment, discrimination, bullying and hazard free at all times.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirement</strong></div><ul><li>Bachelors in Medicine and Bachelors in Surgery (or the equivalent)</li><li>Min 5 years in critical care i.e Emergency &amp; Trauma unit in hospital settings</li><li>Practicing Doctor in GP</li><li>Current valid license to practice (APC)</li><li>Current in all certification needed as per Contract Scope of Work to function as an Remote Site Emergency paramedic (BLS, ACLS,ITLS (If specified))</li><li>Current in all certification needed as per Scope of Work to function as an Offshore Remote Site Emergency paramedic ( For example but not limited to BOSIET, H2S, HACCP, TENORM, Noise and Chemical Awareness)</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
			International SOS (www.internationalsos.com)&#160; is the world's leading medical and travel security services&#160; company. We are in the business of saving and protecting lives from more than 1,000 locations. We care for over 10,000 clients worldwide (multi-nationals, governments and NGOs) with 90 offices around the globe.</div>
<div>
			Our global team of 11,000 employees led by 5,200 medical professionals and 200 security specialists provides health and security support to enable our members to operate wherever they work or travel.</div>
<div>
			We have pioneered a range of preventative programmes and offer an unparalleled response to emergencies. We are passionate about helping clients put &#8216;Duty of Care&#8217; into practice. With us multinational corporate clients, governments and NGOs can mitigate risks for their people working remotely or overseas.</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Selangor, Terengganu, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/remote-site-doctor-4523953?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4523953" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 