---
title: "Nexus International School Malaysia Vacancies Matron" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-04 
excerpt: "Nexus International School Malaysia is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Matron which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Nexus International School Malaysia is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Matron</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Descriptions</strong></div><div><strong>Key Purpose</strong><div>a) To assist the House Parents in caring for the boarders in the House on a daily basis: Matron should know them well and take an interest in them and what they do.<br>b) To support the House Parents by ensuring the welfare and wellbeing of all of the boarders: the Matron requires understanding and sympathy with the boarders, balancing a friendly disposition with the need to maintain discipline.<br>c) To assist in setting the very highest standards of care in the boarding house and to understand the aims and objectives of boarding in the House as well as the principles on which community life in the boarding house is based.<br>d) To be resident within the House during term time and to be responsible to the House Parents for the general welfare of all the boarders in the House, in accordance with the School&#8217;s policies.<br>e) To ensure the safety and security of all boarders at all times when they are in the school&#8217;s charge.<br>f) To build a strong, personal relationship with each of the boarders in their care.<br>g) To assist duty staff in the provision of excellent pastoral care for the boarders in the House.<br>h) To create excellent relationships with parents and guardians and to respond to their concerns.</div><strong>Main Duties and Responsibilities</strong><br>The duties and responsibilities below are illustrative. The position holder will be expected to become involved in a range of work on occasions that may not be shown below:<div><strong>Pastoral</strong><br>The Matron is responsible, along with the House Parents, for helping the pupils to settle into boarding house life by providing a sympathetic ear and providing pastoral support. The Matron will:</div>&#8226; To ensure the safety and security of all boarders at all times when they are in the school&#8217;s charge.<br>&#8226; Assist the House Parents in creating and sustaining a &#8216;home from home&#8217; environment where the pupils will feel happy, safe and supported, and in which they will thrive individually and collectively.<div>&#8226; To be aware of, and to respond to, the needs of individual boarders, including those from different cultural backgrounds and to be aware of the changing needs of all boarders as they develop.</div>&#8226; Provide a listening ear and friendship to the boarders in the House: this relationship is vital when dealing with the more challenging personal and social issues that can arise.<div>&#8226; To assist the House Parents with establishing and maintaining healthy routines for each boarder, including those of personal hygiene, sleep and diet.</div>&#8226; Be involved in all aspects of the boarders&#8217; lives and they will be encouraged to watch sport, join weekend outings and assist with House functions.<div>&#8226; Attend House meetings as required by the House Parents.</div>&#8226; Assist the House Parents in creating and sustaining a &#8216;home from home&#8217; environment where the pupils will feel happy, safe and supported, and in which they will thrive individually and collectively.<div>&#8226; To be aware of, and to respond to, the needs of individual boarders, including those from different cultural backgrounds and to be aware of the changing needs of all boarders as they develop.</div>&#8226; Provide a listening ear and friendship to the boarders in the House: this relationship is vital when dealing with the more challenging personal and social issues that can arise.<div>&#8226; To assist the House Parents with establishing and maintaining healthy routines for each boarder, including those of personal hygiene, sleep and diet.</div>&#8226; Be involved in all aspects of the boarders&#8217; lives and they will be encouraged to watch sport, join weekend outings and assist with House functions.<div>&#8226; Attend House meetings as required by the House Parents.</div><br><strong>Medical</strong><br>The Matron is responsible for ensuring that the boarders receive appropriate medical treatment following illness or injury beyond the school day (the School Nurse will take this responsibility during school hours) and for ensuring that parents and guardians are appropriately informed. The Matron must also liaise with the House Parents regarding any medical treatment.<div>The Matron will:</div><div>&#8226; Be aware of the boarders&#8217; individual medical requirements or health problems.<br>&#8226; Collate medical records of new boarders and, where appropriate, discuss any medical details with the House Parents and the School Nurse.<br>&#8226; Keep up-to-date records of the medical history of all boarders in the House.<br>&#8226; Collect, store and dispense boarders&#8217; prescribed medication as appropriate.<br>&#8226; Ensure that medications are dispensed in line with the medical protocol policies.<br>&#8226; Record all treatments administered to the boarders.<br>&#8226; Liaise with the School Nurse and School Doctor over referral of boarders and their subsequent treatment.<br>&#8226; Administer first aid as appropriate.<br>&#8226; Keep the House Parents informed of the health of individual boarders as appropriate.<br>&#8226; Accompany boarders on hospital and dental visits.<br>&#8226; Keep the House Parents informed and, in conjunction with the House Parents, inform parents regularly of any health issues affecting their child.</div><div><strong>Domestic</strong><br>The Matron will be responsible for the domestic duties within the House, ensuring that the boarders have clean clothes, which are repaired and replaced when necessary and will be responsible for the following:</div><strong>Laundry</strong><div>&#8226; To be responsible for the boarding house laundry and to be present in the house during collection and return (usually once per week).</div><div>&#8226; To tackle daily laundry in the House and to organise the collection and distribution of all items that go to the laundry.<br>&#8226; To ensure that all boarders&#8217; clothing is properly labelled&#160;&#160;&#160; Hygiene, cleanliness and general duties.</div><div>&#8226; To oversee the general tidiness of the House and the boarders.<br>&#8226; To oversee regular change of clothing, bed linen and towels.<br>&#8226; To check that the boarders&#8217; clothing and bed linen are in a reasonable state of repair and that bed linen is being changed weekly.<br>&#8226; To keep a record of any individual items purchased on a boarder&#8217;s behalf.<br>&#8226; To check that the boarders are using the sports wash on a weekly basis.<br>&#8226; To be responsible, along with the House Parents, that the boarders rise at the appropriate time, make their beds, open their curtains and windows in the morning and attend meals.<br>&#8226; To supervise packing and tidying at the end of term in conjunction with the House Parents Boarding House Specialist.</div><div><strong>Responsibilities</strong></div><div>&#8226; In liaison with the House Parents, the Matron will be required to communicate with parents and/or guardians on a regular basis.<br>&#8226; Ensure that any maintenance requirements are reported to the Estates Department to maintain a safe and welcoming environment.<br>&#8226; To be responsible for promoting and safeguarding the welfare of pupils for whom Matron is responsible or with whom she/he comes into contact with, in accordance with the School&#8217;s Safeguarding and Child Protection policy and reporting procedures.<br>&#8226; Be fully conversant with the School and House rules and communicate and pastoral/disciplinary concerns that she/he becomes aware of to the House Parents as soon as possible.<br>&#8226; Management of any flexible boarding booking system.<br>&#8226; To carry out any reasonable duties as requested by the Head.&#160;</div><div><strong>Overview of Experience/Qualifications</strong></div>The Matron will need to demonstrate excellent interpersonal and organisational skills. Experience of care in an educational setting would be a distinct advantage.<br>Matron will have:<div>&#8226; A warm and empathetic personality, tactful manner and be a good listener.<br>&#8226; A firm but fair and consistent outlook.<br>&#8226; Sound knowledge of safe medicine dispensation and first aid.<br>&#8226; Excellent communication skills.<br>&#8226; An empathy with the demands made of staff within a boarding house setting during term time.<br>&#8226; Flexibility as there will be occasions when additional hours are required outside of the normal shift patterns.<br>&#8226; A firm understanding of the need for confidentiality and discretion with regards to privileged information.<br>&#8226; Understanding of living in a boarding house with both staff and pupils.</div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Established in 2008, <strong>NEXUS INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL MALAYSIA</strong>&#160;prides itself on its exclusive learning environment and is the first school in Malaysia to have a specific focus on personalization of learning.</div>
<div>
<strong>Nexus International School Malaysia </strong>focuses on interconnectivity, respect and internationalism. Together with state-of-the-art ICT facilities, our students learn through international curricula that take the classroom beyond the traditional four walls. Backed by over 60 years of educational experience, students are given the foundation to become the world citizens of tomorrow.</div>
<div>
	Catering for students from pre-school to Year 13, the school offers the International Primary Curriculum (IPC), IGCSE and International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma programmes. The Putrajaya campus provides state-of-the-art boarding facilities with a comprehensive pastoral care. ICT is fully integrated into the global curriculum to facilitate learning at all levels in the school, in preparing learners to become global citizens of the 21st century.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/matron-4575346?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4575346" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 