---
title: "Amazing Postnatal Care Sdn Bhd Vacancies Registered Nurse/ Nurse Aide" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-26 
excerpt: "Amazing Postnatal Care Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Registered Nurse/ Nurse Aide which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Amazing Postnatal Care Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Registered Nurse/ Nurse Aide</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>&#160;Candidate must possess at least Primary/Secondary School/SPM/"O" Level, Higher Secondary/STPM/"A" Level/Pre-U / Basic Certification/ Diploma/ Advanced Diploma or Degree in Nursing or in related discipline.</li><li>Possess a valid Annual Practicing Certificate (APC) and Basic Life Support (BLS).</li><li>Required Skill(s): Excellent communication, social skills, problem solving skills, interpersonal skills, integrity and able to maintain confidentiality</li><li>Required language(s): English, Bahasa Malaysia</li><li>At least 1 year of working experience in postnatal &amp; postpartum care, confinement care, neonatal care, maternity care, hospital / medical institution setting or in the related field is required for this position</li><li>Able to work with all levels of staff</li><li>Mature and self-motivated</li><li>Must be willing to work in shift, weekend and public holiday</li><li>Mandarin speaking candidate has the added advantage</li><li>Grooming is an asset</li></ul><p><strong>Job Description:</strong></p><p><strong><em>Direct Comprehensive Care</em></strong></p><ul><li>To apply an integration of nursing theory, clinical and evidence based practices in providing holistic care for baby/mother and their families, visitors.</li><li>To conduct a thorough nursing assessment of baby&#8217;s physical needs</li><li>To formulate, implement and document a nursing care plans that is communicated and clarified with the baby&#8217;s parents</li><li>To prioritize and organize diagnostic tests and procedures if needed only</li><li>To demonstrate &#8220;hands on&#8221; clinical skills specific to her area of practice.</li><li>To ensure all babies are treated as individuals, irrespective of color or creed. Displays sensitivity to individuals&#8217; religious and cultural practices.</li><li>To evaluate babies responses to interventions in order to determine progress toward achieving expected outcomes and modify the nursing plan of care accordingly.</li><li>To provide a comprehensive report when transferring accountability of a baby&#8217;s care to another nurse and / or facility.</li><li>&#160;To document mother and baby history, physical examination data, nursing care plan and interventions and the baby&#8217;s responses in the medical record in a timely manner in accordance with nursing standard operating procedures (SOP).</li><li>To be accountable for professional actions of the team during the span of duty.</li></ul><p><strong><em>Supportive Care</em></strong></p><ul><li>To establish a caring and therapeutic relationship with parents and baby, demonstrating trust, respect and honesty.</li><li>To demonstrate excellent communication skills during all phases of the therapeutic relationship.</li><li>To create a positive environment by listening and offering support and maintaining confidentiality at all times.&#160;</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Amazing Postnatal Care Sdn Bhd specializes in providing high quality professional postpartum &amp; postnatal care to our precious new mothers and their newborn babies.</p><p>We adopt proven traditional postnatal care methodologies and the latest scientific nursing care practices and concepts, advanced equipment and facilities to restore, rejuvenate and pamper our mothers. We take care of all newborns with motherly love and dedication.</p><p>We carefully prepare and serve the most nutritious and delicious confinement meals to nourish our mothers back to optimal health and beauty. We gently guide and train new mothers with essential knowledge and skills to care for their child post- confinement through practical workshops.</p><p>Our company won the Best Customer Customer Service Award and Most Preferred Confinement Centre Award consecutively in 2018 and 2019, amongst more than 300 confinement centres nationwide, a testimony of the dedication of our staff to delight our customers.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/registered-nurse-nurse-aide-4482906?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4482906" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 