---
title: "Syarikat Pendidikan Staffield Berhad (Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar) Vacancies Resident House Matron" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-29 
excerpt: "Syarikat Pendidikan Staffield Berhad (Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar) is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Resident House Matron which positioned at Negeri Sembilan - Others" 
tags: [Negeri Sembilan - Others] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Syarikat Pendidikan Staffield Berhad (Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar) is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Resident House Matron</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>To support student well-being and pastoral care in the house and in their day-to-day lives, so that they can benefit fully from the education the school provides.&#160;&#160;</span></p><p><strong>Key responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li><span>To oversee the healthcare and well-being of students in the house;</span></li><li><span>To administer and maintain records of basic first aid / over the counter medication, provided by the Health Centre, to students from theirs or other houses as required;</span></li><li><span>To escort students to medical appointments at the Health Centre and off-site as required;</span></li><li><span>To be a point of contact for students who are unwell during the night;</span></li><li><span>To provide first aid cover for / to attend house events as required;</span></li><li><span>To liaise with the Health Centre about student medication and to inform them of any medication given;</span></li><li><span>To liaise with the relevant houseparent on medical matters which involve students missing school, visiting the clinic or going to the hospital;</span></li><li><span>To arrange/collect pre-ordered packed food for any student unable to eat at the Dining Hall as required;</span></li><li><span>To ensure that all maintenance and health &amp; safety issues in the house are addressed in a timely fashion;</span></li><li><span>To ensure students keep their rooms and possessions in an orderly fashion and to keep the Houseparent informed if students areas are untidy;&#160;</span></li><li><span>To inform the maintenance department (and HP if necessary) of any health and safety issues that need to be addressed immediately and to report repairs or maintenance work to the maintenance department;</span></li><li><span>To assist with the supervision of maintenance and/or repairs in the absence of the Houseparent;</span></li><li><span>To supervise the housekeeping arrangements in the house, including laundry and cleaning;</span></li><li><span>To keep an inventory of domestic items including laundry bags and mattress covers and arrange for replacement, when necessary, through the procurement department;</span></li><li><span>To liaise with the cleaner to ensure that all areas of the house, including the bathrooms are clean and ensuring that everything is in good condition;</span></li><li><span>To ensure students keep their rooms and possessions in an orderly fashion and to keep the Houseparent informed if students areas are untidy;&#160;</span></li><li><span>To ensure that expensive items left carelessly in student rooms are handed over to the houseparent.</span></li><li><span>To assist and liaise with the Houseparent concerning satisfactory clearing and cleaning of the boarding house at the end of term.&#160;This will include placing students&#8217; belongings that are left behind into secure, named containers and securely storing these for retrieval when the students return to school;</span></li><li><span>To receive parcels for distribution to students from the Admin. Office and to store them safely:</span></li><li><span>To be a presence in the house during the day, especially before school, at breaktime, lunchtime and after school;</span></li><li><span>To ensure students are awake each morning and getting ready for school;</span></li><li><span>To be an adult presence overnight;</span></li><li><span>To report concerns/issues involving students, and/or their routines, to the Houseparent;</span></li><li><span>To meet regularly with other House Staff to discuss students and house matters;</span></li><li><span>To be available to welcome parents when they visit the school at the beginning and end of exeats and holidays and to liaise with them at other times, as required.&#160;</span></li><li><span>To be sympathetic to the needs/concerns of the students and if necessary, to counsel them accordingly;</span></li><li><span>Any other reasonable duties assigned by their line manager.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Personal characteristics and skills</strong></p><ul><li><span>Strong team member, who actively works with others in a trusting and open manner;</span></li><li><span>Good communication and listening skills;</span></li><li><span>A good understanding of child development and care;</span></li><li><span>An enthusiastic, self-motivated and flexible approach;</span></li><li><span>The ability to take the initiative;</span></li><li><span>A reasonable degree of ICT literacy;</span></li><li><span>A genuine interest in young people and their wellbeing;</span></li><li><span>Affinity with the School&#8217;s boarding ethos and with the values of Kolej Tuanku Ja&#8217;afar.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Application Process</strong></p><p><strong>Please log on to our website and complete the KTJ Application Form (available on the vacancies page).</strong></p><p>Kolej Tuanku Ja'afar is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. The successful applicant will be subject to security vetting.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>KTJ is the region's premier International School, established by the Negeri Sembilan Royal Family in 1989. For the last 30 years, our Secondary School has maintained a reputation as being one of the leading British-style, co-education boarding schools in Malaysia. In September 2013, we officially opened our state of the art Primary School, offering modern learning facilities.</p><p>We provide high quality day and boarding education for children aged 3 - 19 years, with a diverse population of students from over 22 different countries across Asia, Europe, Australia and Africa. Our Primary and Secondary School is spread across a green 80 acre site located in the beautiful Malaysian countryside, one hour's drive from Kuala Lumpur.</p><p>KTJ is a registered charity where all proceeds are channeled back into the school. This allows us to offer our students outstanding boarding, learning and sports facilities, with highly-qualified and dedicated teaching staff. Our school aims to produce ambitious, well-rounded and considerate global citizens. Each student has every opportunity to develop independence and high self esteem, ready for the next successful step in their lives.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Negeri Sembilan - Others. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/resident-house-matron-4552741?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4552741" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 