---
title: "Kelly Services (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Fulltime Nurse 全职护士 - Bangsar South (Accommodation Provided)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-11 
excerpt: "Kelly Services (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Fulltime Nurse 全职护士 - Bangsar South (Accommodation Provided) which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Kelly Services (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Fulltime Nurse 全职护士 - Bangsar South (Accommodation Provided)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>**Please WHATSAPP your resume to 016-9729309. (Whatsapp only) (Faster Response)**</strong></div><div><strong>Location&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;: Bangsar South Area (Nearby LRT University)<br>&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; (&#25552;&#20379;&#20303;&#23487; Accommodation Provided)<br>Working Hours&#160; &#160;: Rotation Shift</strong></div><div><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must <strong>Minimum Diploma in Nursing / Infant care</strong></li><li>Must Malaysian <strong>Female</strong></li><li>Required language(s): <strong>&#160;English &amp; Malay</strong></li><li>Applicants must be willing to work in <strong>Bangsar South.</strong></li><li>Good infant <strong>care nursing knowledge</strong></li><li>Good <strong>breastfeeding knowledge</strong></li><li>Valid Annual Practice Certificate, <strong>Registered with Malaysia Nursing Board</strong></li><li>Willing to work on <strong>Rotation Shift</strong> basis as <strong>Accommodation Provided</strong></li></ul><div><strong>Job Scope:</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Explain the Confinement Package details to customers</strong></li><li><strong>Assist doctor during doctor&#8217;s visit</strong></li><li><strong>Maintains Center in safe and clean working environment</strong></li><li><strong>Ensure enough workforce</strong></li><li><strong>Handle customers&#8217; request, request feedback from customer</strong></li><li><strong>To assist in any other aspects when necessary (Deliver meals to Moms, take care of baby etc.)</strong></li></ul><div><strong>Interested? :</strong></div>Please <strong>WHATSAPP </strong>your resume to <strong>016-9729309. (Whatsapp only) (Faster Response)</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Communication and Internet technology are constantly changing our lives. Our Client is providing services and technology that help their customer to stay ahead in life, whether at work, at home or at play. Our Client, is the leading Mobile Tele-Communications Service Provider in Malaysia with over 18.4 million mobile subscribers as of to date.</div><div><br>Our Client was granted licences to operate a nationwide GSM900 mobile network, a domestic fixed network and an international gateway in 1993. It commenced its mobile operations in August 1995 and launched its fixed line and international gateway operations in early 1996. Since its establishment, Our Client has been providing a full suite of services on multiple platforms to fulfil the telecommunications needs of individual consumers, SMEs and large corporations in Malaysia.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/fulltime-nurse-全职护士-bangsar-south-accommodation-provided-4480230?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4480230" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 