---
title: "UNOPS (ICA) subcontracted, one year with possible extension Vacancies Senior Nurse, Technical Coordinator" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-25 
excerpt: "UNOPS (ICA) subcontracted, one year with possible extension is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Nurse, Technical Coordinator which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>UNOPS (ICA) subcontracted, one year with possible extension is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Nurse, Technical Coordinator</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong><em>Context:</em></strong></p><p>Under the direct supervision of the&#160;Chief Migration Health Officer&#160;(CMHO) and&#160;overall supervision&#160;of the&#160;Chief&#160;of&#160;Mission&#160;(COM), the successful candidate will be responsible for providing support to the Migration&#160;Health Assessment Programmes.</p><p><strong><em>Core Functions / Responsibilities:</em></strong></p><p>1.Lead daily nursing and administrative activities of the migration health assessment in the Migration Health Assessment Centre (MHAC) to fulfil the technical requirements of the resettlement countries in the areas of:</p><p>a. Medical examinations;</p><p>b. Imaging;</p><p>c. Laboratory testing;</p><p>d.&#160;Vaccinations;</p><p>e. TB management;</p><p>f.&#160;Treatment and referrals;</p><p>g. Pre-departure procedures and medical movements;</p><p>h.&#160;Counselling;</p><p>i.&#160;&#160;Documentation, certification and information transmission;</p><p>j.&#160;&#160;Directly observed treatment/therapy short-course (DOTs);</p><p>k.&#160;Fitness-to-travel checks; and,</p><p>l.&#160;&#160;Other technical areas as may be required.</p><p>2.Supervise all daily nursing and administrative activities, namely:</p><p>a.&#160;Assign tasks to nurses and clerks;</p><p>b. Monitor pre-examination information sessions, counselling, history, follow up and vital signs taking; verify that nurses and medical clerks enter information into relevant databases in a timely and accurate manner, in accordance to their specific functions; and,</p><p>c. Facilitate and monitor implementation of fraud-prevention measures, including testing performed outside of the MHAC.</p><p>3.Contribute to the establishment and maintenance of an optimal workflow at the health assessment site by suggesting and implementing improvements to facilitate timeliness of completion of nursing and clerical tasks.</p><p>4.Verify that all migrant/refugee identity check mechanisms are well established and followed.</p><p>5.Implement quality assurance and quality control measures for nursing and clerical activities; participate in writing SOPs and instructions as well as staff training.</p><p>6.Verify that SOP&#8217;s, checklists and standard universal precautions within MHAC are followed.</p><p>7.Check that the MHAC pharmacy, stock, medical kits and emergency kits within the MHAC and for medical escorts if applicable are well maintained according to guidelines and SOP&#8217;s.</p><p>8.Coordinate, follow up and verify procurement for MHAC &#8211; including purchase orders, payment requests and invoices.</p><p>9.Gather and analyze administrative reports and program updates as necessary; report any inconsistencies or issues to the CMHO.</p><p>10.Coordinate the planning and execution of mobile missions if applicable.</p><p>11.Coordinate, and perform if needed, the medical escort duties when required to ensure migrants receive continued care throughout all phases of migration (before departure, during the journey and at the final destination).</p><p>12.Gather and analyze statistical information and share with the CMHO as per preset and agreed upon format.</p><p>13.Maintain collaborative relationships with various partners to facilitate the follow up and relevant information sharing. Partners include internal IOM departments, other health providers, panel physicians, Embassies other UN agencies or NGO&#8217;s and others as applicable.</p><p>14.May have responsibility for direct supervision of a designated team.</p><p>15.Perform other duties as may be assigned</p><p><strong><em>Required Qualifications and Experience</em></strong></p><p><strong>Education;</strong></p><ul><li>Nursing Degree with a minimum of five years relevant clinical experience, with at least two years in a supervisory role and a valid licence to practice nursing in Malaysia.&#160;</li></ul><p><strong>Experience;</strong></p><ul><li>Excellent technical skills, including in phlebotomy.</li><li>Training or working experience in the areas of Tuberculosis management, mass immunizations, communicable diseases, laboratory testing or public health is an advantage.</li><li>At least four years of experience in clinical practice as a Nurse; excellent technical skills, including phlebotomy.</li><li>Experience in management of staff.</li></ul><p><strong>Skills;</strong></p><ul><li>Computer literacy required: MS Office (Word, Excel, Teams)</li><li>Compassionate attitude to patients</li><li>Ability to work under pressure.</li><li>Cultural and gender sensitivity: able to work with colleagues and beneficiaries of different cultural backgrounds.</li></ul><p><strong>Languages;</strong></p><ul><li>English and Bahasa Malaysia (Fluent in oral and writing)</li></ul><p><strong>~ CLOSING DATE FOR APPLICATION IS MARCH 8, 2021 ~</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>IOM is committed to the principle that humane and orderly migration, benefits migrants and society.</p><p>As the leading international organization for migration, IOM acts with its partners in the international community to:</p><ul><li>Assist in meeting the growing operational challenges of migration management.</li><li>Advance understanding of migration issues.</li><li>Encourage social and economic development through migration.</li><li>Uphold the human dignity and well-being of migrants.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-nurse-technical-coordinator-4488563?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4488563" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 