---
title: "CHARTERHOUSE MALAYSIA  SDN. BHD. Vacancies School Nurse cum Receptionist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-30 
excerpt: "CHARTERHOUSE MALAYSIA  SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the School Nurse cum Receptionist which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CHARTERHOUSE MALAYSIA  SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>School Nurse cum Receptionist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Main Duties and Responsibilities</strong>&#160;</p><p><strong>Nurse&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>To provide a clinically effective, high-quality service of nursing care to campus to all members of the community.</li><li>Assess, evaluate, and implement in-patient care for pupils admitted to the Health Centre.</li><li>Collect pertinent student medical information and vital health data.</li><li>Example monitoring immunizations, managing communicable diseases.</li><li>Ensure that individual care plans are developed and written for students requiring them and made available to staff on a &#8216;need to know' basis. Render first aid and emergency care and dispensing medications, including packing and replenishing of medicine. This includes replenishing stock of all campus and boarding first aid kits.</li><li>Respond and handling of emergency calls such as falls, burns, food poisoning and assess student/patient conditions' and make critical care decisions quickly.</li><li>Ability to provide emergency care for injured students who are being moved from an active injury scene to the hospital. Carry out nursing procedures advised by the doctor.</li><li>Initiate continuous improvement activities to identify causes of accidents and provide action plans to avoid future similar accidents.</li><li>Provide confidential counselling of health advice service as appropriate.</li><li>Establish and execute procedures for the control of infectious diseases.</li><li>Be aware of recommended safe storage, usage, and disposal of medical supplies and drugs.</li><li>Maintain treatment room stock, hygiene, and tidiness.</li><li>Develop and maintain good links and lines of communication with key staff whose primary responsibility is the duty of care and pupils in the campus.</li><li>Arrange for pupils to attend any medical, dental, or other health appointments, as necessary.</li><li>Work closely with the Superiors to determine the best way to respond to calls based on the campus&#8217;s priority system.</li><li>Report health screenings/ injury hazards and accidents.</li><li>Perform other ad-hocs task duties as and when is required.</li><li>Report health/ injury hazards and accidents.</li><li>Organize health talk and first aid training.</li><li>Encourage safe practices and awareness in the campus.</li><li>Maintaining a hygienic and safe working environment.</li><li>Perform other ad-hoc tasks duties as and when required.</li></ul><p><strong>Receptionist</strong></p><ul><li>Supervise and lead Telephone Operator and driver to ensure smooth running of Front Counter/Reception&#160;</li><li>Attend to all visitors, callers, handle their inquiries and direct them to the appropriate personnel according to their needs</li><li>To order stationeries for all departments&#160;and distribute them accordingly and maintain an updated inventory list.</li><li>Maintain security by following procedures and controlling access (monitor logbook, issue visitor badges</li><li>Receive and sort daily mail/deliveries/couriers</li><li>Ensure there are sufficient pamphlets and various forms at all times in the reception.&#160;</li><li>Keep the reception area clean, neat and tidy.</li><li>Performing filing, mail distribution, memo circulation, photocopy and other office related works</li><li>Check and prepare monthly reports on usage of papers for photocopy and printing photostat machines.</li><li>To perform any other job/task assigned by superior from time to time.</li></ul><p><strong>Qualifications</strong>&#160;</p><ul><li>&#160;Diploma in Nursing</li><li>Mandatory registered Nursing Board</li></ul><p><strong>Experience&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>Minimum 2 - 3 years&#8217; experience in related field.</li><li>Excellent patient service skills, is able to work under pressure, and work independently is essential as this position involves lone working.</li><li>Available on call 24 hours, proactive, and able to handle any clinical situations.</li><li>Current CPR and First Aid certifications and supported with a Verifications of Transcript of training.</li><li>Ability to remain calm and deliver quality care in high-pressure situations.</li><li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills required.</li><li>International experience in order to understand parent concerns and needs of their children in a foreign country (culture) be added advantage &#160;</li><li>Experience within an International School environment would be an advantage.</li><li>Good command of both written and spoken English and Bahasa is essential. Fluency in Mandarin would be a bonus.</li></ul><p><strong>Personal Outlook</strong></p><ul><li>A positive, flexible, &#8216;can do&#8217; attitude to professional duties.&#160;</li><li>A genuine love for&#160;working in an education environment.</li><li>Excellent standards of personal presentation.&#160;</li><li>An appreciation of the importance of regular attendance and punctuality.&#160;</li><li>Enjoyment of working in a positive, collaborative team environment with the values of honesty,&#160;integrity&#160;and mutual support at the core.&#160;</li><li>An enthusiasm for engaging with diverse cultures tempered only with high levels of patience and adaptability&#160;</li><li>Strong multi-tasker with attention to detail, eager to learn and willing to take responsibility</li><li>A growth mindset</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>At Charterhouse Malaysia we understand that preparing your children to access the top universities globally, and to be successful and active members of society, is one of the most important roles played by parents. We also appreciate how crucial it is that you choose the right school to be your partner for the final two years of this preparation. Throughout the admissions process, it is our intention to ensure that you have all the information, guidance and support you need to be confident that choosing Charterhouse Malaysia is the right one for your family.</p><p>Our education programme is rooted in our shared history and traditions with our parent school, Charterhouse, in the UK but it has developed into a modern and progressive curriculum that will ensure our students are "Future Ready". It is a curriculum that has design thinking, multiple human intelligences (Spectra Smarts), independent learning projects, service, and entrepreneurial learning, student leadership, and the Charterhouse Learner's Portfolio at its center. It is a programme that coupled with the globally recognised A-Levels will enable students to embrace all the challenges the future holds, and prepare them to access the best universities globally.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/school-nurse-cum-receptionist-4601764?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4601764" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 