---
title: "ASK Resources Vacancies Patient Safety Associate - MNC | China Market (Salary up to RM6000)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-02 
excerpt: "ASK Resources is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Patient Safety Associate - MNC | China Market (Salary up to RM6000) which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>ASK Resources is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Patient Safety Associate - MNC | China Market (Salary up to RM6000)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><ul><li><strong>Top MNC: Science-based Healthcare Company (</strong><strong>Pharmaceutical)</strong></li><li><strong>Good Explosures &amp; Oustanding Opportunity</strong></li></ul><div><strong>Working Hours</strong></div><ul><li>Normal Working Hour @ 8am - 5pm&#160;</li></ul><div><strong>Roles &amp; Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>Manage collection, processing, documentation, reporting and follow-up of all adverse event (AE) reports for all company products from clinical trials, non-interventional studies, Patient Oriented Programs, literature, Spontaneous Reports.</li><li>Manage reporting/submission/distribution of safety reports/updates/information to Local Health Authorities (LHA) and/or clinical operations in cooperation with other departments.</li><li>Work with other local/global Patient Safety associates to ensure accurate evaluation of safety data.</li><li>Interact and exchange relevant safety information with LHA, Patient Safety associates, other functional groups and third party contractor, if applicable.</li><li>Survey and monitor national pharmacovigilance regulations and provide update to global Patient Safety organization.</li><li>Develop, update and implement local procedures to ensure compliance with Patient Safety global procedures and national requirements.</li><li>Input, review and approval of program proposals for language, content and establishment of necessary controls on collection and reporting of adverse event information.</li><li>Perform reconciliation with other departments (e.g. Medical Information, Quality Assurance and third party contractor, if applicable) for potential AEs resulting from medical inquiries, quality related complaints and other sources.</li><li>Management and maintenance of all relevant Patient Safety databases.</li><li>Prepare and submit KPI reports on compliance in a timely manner including identification of root cause(s) for late reporting to LHA, development and implementation of corrective action(s) as needed.&#160;</li><li>Develop and update training materials for pharmacovigilance and ensure training of associates on relevant Patient Safety procedures for AE reporting, including field force and third party contractor, if applicable.</li><li>Ensure support for and close-out of audits, corrective action plan, investigation and Health Authority inspections.</li><li>Ensure training and oversight of staff, as applicable.</li><li>Manage and maintain efficient Patient Safety filing and archive system.</li></ul><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree in <strong>Medicine, Nursing, Pharmacy/Pharmacology or equivalent.</strong></li><li>Required language(s): <strong>English, Bahasa Malaysia &amp; Mandarin (China Market)</strong></li><li><strong>Knowledge of national and international regulations for pharmacovigilance &amp; knowledge of pharmacological and medical terminology</strong></li><li><strong>At least 1 year(s)</strong> of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li></ul><div><strong>Remuneration &amp; Others:</strong></div><ul><li>Basic Salary up to RM6000</li><li><strong>EPF, Socso, EIS, annual leave &amp; etc.&#160;</strong></li><li><strong>One-year Contract</strong></li></ul><div><strong>Interested applicant may click "APPLY NOW" or send your resume to Ms.Sarah at "sarahlau@askresources.com.my"</strong></div><div><br><strong>***Only shortlisted candidate will be notified again. Thanks.</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>At ASK Resources, our mission is to provide efficient services to both jobseekers and employers. With over a decade of experience since being founded in 2005, ASK has been in partnership&#160; with locally established companies, shared services, GLC, PLC and MNC clients across all sectors and industries with successful result. Headquartered in Puchong, Selangor and Johor, our consultants aim to revolutionize the recruitment industry.</div><div>Whether you are someone seeking career opportunities, an employer who wants to hire the RIGHT talents that best fit your organization, or simply a fresh graduate looking for your first job, we encourage you to get in touch with us.</div><div><strong>Think Career&#8230; Just &#8220;ASK&#8221;</strong></div></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/patient-safety-associate-mnc-%7C-china-market-salary-up-to-rm6000-4474513?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4474513&sectionRank=4&token=0~94f5b54e-3e3e-46ab-9eba-2a41cc225998&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 