---
title: "International SOS (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Occupational Health Nurse / Industrial Medic" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-04 
excerpt: "International SOS (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Occupational Health Nurse / Industrial Medic which positioned at Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Putrajaya" 
tags: [Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Putrajaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>International SOS (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Occupational Health Nurse / Industrial Medic</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>Job Responsibilities :-</strong></div><ul><li>The incumbent will be posted at client site primarily to serve as a provider of emergency care and paramedical / nursing care to the projects&#8217; employees.</li><li>Provide advice to onshore Employees (and offshore if required), on Occupational Health and Industrial Hygiene matters (procedures and guidelines, Employees fitness to work status, hazard exposure level, etc) to ensure that the conduct of activities are in full compliance to COMPANY and regulatory requirements.</li><li>Participate in providing Occupational Health and Industrial Hygiene services at onshore locations (and offshore, if required), by implementing/monitoring Occupational Health and Industrial Hygiene programs e.g. Health Risk Assessment, Drug and Alcohol Program, incident investigation, exposure monitoring, health surveillance, Hearing Conversation Program, Safe Handling of Chemical, ect.</li><li>Provide Public Health Services e.g. Worksite Hygiene Inspection. Control of communication disease including vector control supervision, potable water quality assurance and food catering assurance.</li><li>To provide consultation, counseling and treatment of the sick and the injured</li><li>To handle referral of patient for medical repatriation or evacuation</li><li>To maintain sickbay operation readiness (Equipment, Drugs, and Consumables items)</li><li>To conduct inspection for Medical Equipment / Drugs / Consumable on the monthly basis</li><li>Perform first aid at work in case of accident or sudden illness using the adequate techniques and fill the appropriate forms</li><li>Execute ambulant attention, control vital signals and medicaments using the adequate techniques</li><li>Perform CPR refresher course training.</li><li>Review and validate Client and contractor medical report.</li><li>Participate in educational campaign</li><li>Conduct return to work (RTW) assessment, refer employee to OHD if required (long mc, hospitalization mc, occupational injury/illnesses, others)</li><li>Perform audiometry and spirometry testing as required.</li><li>Conduct fatigue assessment as random, post incident and as requested&#160;&#160; .</li><li>Support employees or contractors that visit Client's clinic for medical queries or issues.</li><li>Data collation for HR, HSE and Management&#8217;s reporting.</li><li>Support incident investigations related with Near-Misses and injuries, and</li><li>Support incident investigations related to the Department of Occupational Health &amp; Safety (DOSH).</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requirements :-</strong></div><ul><li>Must hold a valid / updated Annual Practicing Certificate (APC) 2021.</li><li>Must be registered as a Medical Assistant with the board of Medical Assistant, Ministry of Health or registered as a nurse with the Nursing Board, Ministry of Health Malaysia.</li><li>Minimum of 3 years or more experience working as a Medical Assistant or Nurse in Clinical, OHN and Emergency/Trauma/Accident/ICU/CCU/Infectious Diseases unit only.</li><li>Having OHN certified by NIOSH and has passed the examination</li><li>For Industrial Medic OHN, to be certified as an Offshore Remote Site Emergency paramedic (For example but not limited to BOSIET, H2S, HACCP, TENORM, Noise and Chemical Awareness</li><li>Certified in Assistant Medical Review Course (AMRO)</li><li>Current CPR &amp; AED - BLS and ACLS certifications</li><li>Familiar with Malaysia DOSH and US OSHA regulatory requirements</li><li>Willing to work on shift rotation</li><li>Employment contract is based on yearly contract basis</li><li>Good command in Ms. Words, Excel and PowerPoint.</li><li>Must be able to communicate and write in English and Bahasa Malaysia.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
<div>
			International SOS (www.internationalsos.com)&#160; is the world's leading medical and travel security services&#160; company. We are in the business of saving and protecting lives from more than 1,000 locations. We care for over 10,000 clients worldwide (multi-nationals, governments and NGOs) with 90 offices around the globe.</div>
<div>
			Our global team of 11,000 employees led by 5,200 medical professionals and 200 security specialists provides health and security support to enable our members to operate wherever they work or travel.</div>
<div>
			We have pioneered a range of preventative programmes and offer an unparalleled response to emergencies. We are passionate about helping clients put &#8216;Duty of Care&#8217; into practice. With us multinational corporate clients, governments and NGOs can mitigate risks for their people working remotely or overseas.</div>
</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor, Kedah, Kuala Lumpur, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, Penang, Pahang, Perak, Perlis, Sabah, Selangor, Sarawak, Terengganu, Putrajaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/occupational-health-nurse-industrial-medic-4524320?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4524320" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 