---
title: "Y.S.P. Industries (M) Sdn Bhd Vacancies BRAND MANAGER (OTC)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-08 
excerpt: "Y.S.P. Industries (M) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the BRAND MANAGER (OTC) which positioned at Kuala Lumpur, Selangor" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur, Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Y.S.P. Industries (M) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>BRAND MANAGER (OTC)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Responsible for all activities that help strengthen brand equity, elevate the consumer experience and drive profitable brand growth. This person will achieve these goals through a deep understanding of consumer insights, an ability to champion our brand&#8217;s creative expression, and a passion for working in the beauty industry.</div><div>Job Descriptions:</div><ul><li>Responsible for planning and implementing marketing activities in line with the overall brand strategy and objectives; as well as short and medium-term strategic brand planning based on a clear understanding of consumer needs and brand equity.</li><li>Ensuring all facts of marketing mix execution is consistent with defined brand equity.</li><li>Meets marketing and sales financial objectives by forecasting requirements; preparing and annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective action.</li><li>Accomplishes marketing and branding/ sales objectives by planning, developing, implementing and evaluating advertising, merchandising and trade promotion programs; developing field sales action plans.</li><li>Partnering with the Customer Marketing &amp; Customer Development team to ensure flawless execution of brand activities, including new product launches, promotional activities.</li><li>Identifying and promoting best practices from region and or global.</li><li>Collaborating with customers on developing strategies and action plans for the brands.</li><li>Identifies marketing opportunities by identifying consumer requirements; defining market, competitor&#8217;s share, and competitor&#8217;s strengths and weaknesses; forecasting projected business; establishing targeted market share.</li><li>Planning, review existing product and develop new product to ensure competitiveness and implement marketing and sales strategies for assigned products towards achieving company goals.</li></ul><div>Job Requirements:</div><ul><li>Possess a Degree in Marketing or related discipline.</li><li>Possess 4-5 years of marketing experience&#160;and FMCG brand management is a plus.</li><li>A self-starter, can work independently and able to work collaboratively with diverse group of individuals and / or teams, locally with in the region and global.</li><li>Ability to understand and capture business needs by being connected to regional team, our stakeholders, consumers, customers, supplier, competitors, communities.</li><li>Possess knowledge / skills such as strong verbal and written communication skills in English, analytical and result oriented, interpersonal skills, effective teamwork, commercial mindset, and excellent execution capability.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Company Profile</strong></div>
<div>Y.S.P. Industries (M) Sdn Bhd (YSPI), the fully owned subsidiary of Y.S.P Southeast Asia Berhad (YSPSAH), was incorporated in 1987 and after&#160;31 years we have developed into one of the leading pharmaceutical companies in Malaysia. This is clearly reflected by our ascending sales figures in the past years and the ever expanding marketing network. YSPSAH and its group of companies have now become multi-national company with various manufacturing facilities and an extensive marketing network around the world.&#160;Our aim is to continue developing new pharmaceutical, health food and veterinary products for fulfilling the medicinal needs of human races, and to uphold our corporate philosophy "To provide the Best Quality Products and Improve Human Health".</div>
<div>The professional team of YSPI consisted of experienced and dedicated team of R&amp;D researchers to continuously improve and develop quality pharmaceutical products including tablets, capsules, suppositories, liquid preparations, powders, gels and creams. Our product lines range from a broad array of pharmaceutical, OTC, veterinary and aquatic products. By maintaining a constant input of new technologies and the development of new products, our pursuit for unsurpassed quality is never ending. The other groups of professional team such as pharmacists, nutritionists and veterinarians provide sophisticated services for customers.&#160;This further strengthen the confidence in our products and services which stems from our strict demands on quality and the implementation of regular inspection and audit. The implementation of a product development scheme, which constantly matches the current market demands, constitute a significant contribution to the pharmaceutical industry.</div>
<div>Our certified GMP manufacturing plant provides an ideal and clean production site for large scale production of pharmaceuticals. With the support of high-tech facilities and a dedicated team of production staff, YSPI is able to meet the ever increasing market demands.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur, Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/brand-manager-otc-4477409?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4477409" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 