---
title: "Aspire Services Sdn Bhd Vacancies Health Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-18 
excerpt: "Aspire Services Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Health Specialist which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Aspire Services Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Health Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>To be responsible for the provision of professional and effective advice for Aspire Lifestyles customers. This will require that the candidate fully understands the health-related enquiries. The ideal candidate should also be able to lead or participate in clients&#8217; visits, and at times, undertake the education of said clients with respect to certain health issues. The candidate will also be required to conduct research into specific health related issues, so as to, provide content on wellness articles.&#160;&#160;</p><p><strong>Main Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Establish rapport and support to the customer through the building of a relationship based on therapy, in aspects of the physical, psychological and emotional.</li><li>Meet the customers&#8217; health needs and identify such health service gaps that the customer is facing during his/her recovery process</li><li>Accurately assess the health needs of the customers with ongoing evaluation and reassessment</li><li>Collaborate and arrange health service providers to achieve the best health outcome for the customer</li><li>Provide evidence-based health information and resources to the individual, ensuring appropriate care and advice is obtained</li><li>Promote health concepts and adaptation of healthy lifestyles for better health outcomes</li><li>Ensure the compliances to local nursing authority registration and requirements set forth in local law/legal compliance.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirement</strong></p><ul><li>Diploma in Nursing, or any educational qualifications relevant to nursing</li><li>Registered Nurse with an active practicing license (at least 5 years of clinical experience across diverse health care areas)</li><li>Proficiency in conducting health assessment, delivering health advice for disease management, and displaying sound clinical judgment</li><li>Prior working experience in counseling, or the provision of advice in wellness programs, will be an advantage</li><li>Able to perform duties independently whilst be able to act as an effective member of a larger team, working in unison with other collaborators</li><li>Excellent oral and written English language skills and proficiency in any second language&#160;</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Aspire Lifestyles is the global leader in loyalty solutions and Concierge services.</p><p>Engaging our clients&#8217; customers by opening doors to high-touch personalized service, a wealth of special offers, access to extraordinary experiences and delivering extraordinary results, every time.</p><p>Aspire Lifestyles, an&#160;International SOS&#160;Company is a Concierge industry pioneer with nearly 30 years of experience designing and managing high-performance loyalty and Concierge programs. Aspire Lifestyles continues to push the industry to the next level with innovative program design and features. With integrated global operations in 21 markets, robust digital platforms, an unmatched degree of global lifestyle partnerships, and a blueprint for savvy social media marketing, Aspire Lifestyles continues to shape the future of customer engagement and relationship management strategies.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/health-specialist-4485346?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4485346" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 