---
title: "Regency Specialist Hospital Sdn Bhd Vacancies State Registered Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-11 
excerpt: "Regency Specialist Hospital Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the State Registered Nurse which positioned at Johor" 
tags: [Johor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Regency Specialist Hospital Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>State Registered Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Summary</strong></div><div>The State Registered Nurse delivers safe and quality patient care and is accountable for the outcomes of patients assigned under his/her care. He/she works collaboratively with the nursing staff, physicians and other members of the healthcare team to accomplish patients&#8217; needs and achieve positive outcomes in line with the hospital/nursing vision, mission, values and objectives. In addition, he/she practices within the realm of the profession&#8217;s ethical and legal frameworks whilst adhering to the hospital&#8217;s guidelines, policies and procedures.</div><div><strong>Job Duties &amp; Responsibilities</strong></div><div><strong>Provider of Patient Care</strong></div><ul><li>Greets and attends to patients in a courteous, polite and professional manner.</li><li>Uses the Nursing Process APIE (Assessment, Planning, Implementation and Evaluation) framework to formulate and execute a holistic, individualized and personalized patient care; documents using relevant forms, charts or information system according to hospital practices and policies.</li><li>Conducts patient rounds with the Physician; carries out the Physician&#8217;s investigations, medications and treatment orders/ plans according to hospital practices and policies.</li><li>Collaborates with members of the nursing team, healthcare providers and support services to meet patient care needs; document and follow through or handover where required.</li><li>Identify and conduct patient/family health education needs where required.</li><li>Conducts basic physical examination, health assessment and orientation of patient on admission, transfer, every shift, pre/post operatively and as required; document findings as required</li><li>Checks patients&#8217; well-being, safety and comfort regularly; keep bed area and room neat and tidy; promptly responds to patients&#8217; call-bells and refer to other nursing staff members as needed.</li><li>Maintains patient confidentiality and rights according to hospital practices and policies.</li><li>Attends to patients&#8217; basic comfort such as bed-making, hygiene, oral, body and skin care, positioning and mobilization etc.</li><li>Attends to patients&#8217; basic needs such as food and electrolytes, elimination and output; monitors and records patients&#8217; oral intake and output where required; schedule and monitor intravenous fluids/blood administration etc.</li><li>Performs tasks such as taking the patients&#8217; weight, height, vital signs, SP02 and pain score; monitors trends and records in the patients&#8217; clinical charts as required etc.</li><li>Collects patient&#8217;s blood, urine, sputum, wound and other body fluids specimens according to standards of practice and hospital procedures.</li><li>Performs clinical procedures such as blood glucose monitoring, wound dressings, removal of sutures/staples, care/removal of drains; care of intravenous lines; oro-pharyngeal and tracheostomy suctioning; application of splints, cervical collars; naso-gastric tube insertion; administration of oxygen therapy; insertion of urinary catheterization; bladder irrigation etc. Assists Physicians in clinical procedures where required.</li><li>Delegates and follows through appropriate tasks assigned to lower level nursing staff such as Enrolled Nurses (EN), Patient Care Assistants (PCA) and etc.</li><li>Performs discipline or unit specific clinical procedures following relevant privileging and credentialing process as outlined by Nursing Services when posted to Operative, Emergency, Obstetrics &amp; Gynecology, Oncology, Pediatrics, Endoscopy, Cardiology, Renal, Neonatology and Intensive Care Units.</li></ul><div><strong>Provide Specialty Care (For State Registered Nurses with Post- Basic Certification)</strong></div><ul><li>Act as a resource person for the specific specialty.</li><li>Perform advanced skills specific to the specialty.</li><li>Privilege nurses, enabling their performance of the specialized skills.</li><li>Develop/review relevant policies/procedures of that specialty.</li><li>Develop/review relevant clinical practice guidelines with specialty physician.</li><li>Conduct structured patient/family education.</li><li>Conduct staff training/updates related to the specialty.</li></ul><div>General/ Other Duties</div><ul><li>Delegate or performs porter role; accompany or transport patients for their treatment/investigation appointments to/from the relevant departments such as Operation Theater, Radiology, Physiotherapy or Clinic etc. where required.</li><li>Delegate or performs dispatch role; transport/collect medications, lab specimens, documents or equipment etc. from/to various departments in the hospital such as Pharmacy, Laboratory, Supplies Store or Administrative Office etc. where required.</li><li>Keeps work environment (equipment room, clean utility, dirty utility, patient/staff pantry etc.) clean and tidy.</li><li>Assists ward/unit nursing manager to keep tab of supplies/stock and functioning of equipment and facilities.</li><li>Escalates matters/issues requiring attention to ward/unit&#8217;s nursing manager/coordinator or to a senior nursing staff member.</li><li>Act as a resource person for staff to seek information and support.</li><li>Participate in ward/unit quality improvement, meetings and continued nursing education activities.</li><li>Be active members of specific committee, task or project work group.</li><li>Participate and assist in hospital emergencies, code activations or when deployed to another ward/unit.</li><li>Assist and guide the work of junior and other new members of the nursing staff team where required.</li><li>Partake in community outreach activities or public talks.</li><li>Maintain confidentiality of patient, staff and hospital information; uphold integrity, observe sensitivity of information; share only with those authorized.</li><li>Keep current with skills and knowledge by attending relevant trainings, workshop, talks, seminars or conferences for professional growth and development.</li><li>Undertake additional task/assignment as assigned by superior.</li></ul><div><strong>To succeed in the role, we will need you to have:</strong></div><ul><li>At least diploma in Nursing</li><li>A valid Registration with Malaysia Nursing Board</li><li>A valid Annual Practicing Certification</li><li>Clinical knowledge and experience</li><li>Candidates with more than 2 years of experience are also encouraged to apply.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Regency Specialist Hospital (Regency) is a licensed 218-bed private tertiary care hospital providing a comprehensive range of medical and surgical services. Regency is the sister hospital of Mahkota Medical Centre in Malacca, a leading tertiary care hospital in Malaysia.</div>
<div>
		At Regency, patients are at the centre of what we do. Our team of experienced doctors and healthcare professionals deliver quality healthcare with warmth and passion.</div>
<div>
		Located in the eastern part of Iskandar Malaysia, in the growing township of Seri Alam, Masai, Johor, Regency is poised to provide premier healthcare services to the local community and the region.</div>
</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/state-registered-nurse-4517586?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4517586" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 