---
title: "Qualitas Medical Group Sdn Bhd Vacancies Manager, Business Liaison Malaysia" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-02-04 
excerpt: "Qualitas Medical Group Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Manager, Business Liaison Malaysia which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Qualitas Medical Group Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Manager, Business Liaison Malaysia</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Job Description:</strong></div><div><div>&#8226; Developing strategy for business expansion and growth of the existing affiliate clinics network.<br>&#8226; Drive expansion plan for new affiliate clinics and expansion of clientele.<br>&#8226; Visit affiliate clinics regularly and ensure that all matters related to affiliate clinics are attended to and resolved.<br>&#8226; Maintain good relationships with affiliate doctors.<br>&#8226; Engage affiliate doctors to participate in Qualitas programmes.<br>&#8226; Prepare and present the Monthly reports on performance of affiliate clinics and constantly monitor the value generated by each affiliate clinic.</div><div>&#8226; Assist on new panelship arrangement for Qualitas clinic and ACC.<br>&#8226; To manage and maintain relationships with the MCOs/TPAs.<br>&#8226; To manage and resolve any complaints forwarded through the TPAs/MCOs.<br>&#8226; Price negotiations with TPAs/MCOs.<br>&#8226; Negotiation of new services with TPAs/MCOs.<br>&#8226; To roll out PPO programme to affiliate and associate clinics upon successful arrangement of new PPO clientele.</div></div><div><strong>Job Requirement:</strong></div><div><strong>&#8226; </strong>Degree in Business Administration / Marketing / Commerce or its equivalent.</div><div>&#8226; Minimum 6 years experience in sales &amp; marketing, business development or similar capacity.<br>&#8226; Previous experience within the medical, healthcare industry and/or Insurance Sales background is beneficial and encouraged to apply.<br>&#8226; Familiar with healthcare industry in Malaysia which include experience and knowledge in Primary Care, Tertiary Care &amp; Medical Benefits.<br>&#8226; Strong business acumen, analytical &amp; strategic thinking.<br>&#8226; Excellent presentation and good interpersonal skills.<br>&#8226; Excellent written and verbal communication both English and Bahasa. Able to converse in other languages are an added advantage.<br>&#8226; Result oriented and able to provide effective business solutions.<br>&#8226; Own transportation, possess valid driving licence and able to travel nationwide.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Qualitas Medical Group is a company with international operations and one of the largest network of GP Clinics across Malaysia. Qualitas is committed to its vision of delivering quality healthcare services. As Malaysia's 100 Leading Graduate Employers 2012, we are looking for dynamic, dedicated and committed individuals who aspire to build their careers with us.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/manager-business-liaison-malaysia-4476626?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4476626&sectionRank=11&token=0~ea7c643e-a9f6-4036-b4ad-9c2c2e6e25d8&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 