---
title: "HSC Medical Center (KL) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Staff Nurse (with experiences in Medical/Surgical Ward / OT / ICU / HDU)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-19 
excerpt: "HSC Medical Center (KL) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Staff Nurse (with experiences in Medical/Surgical Ward / OT / ICU / HDU) which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>HSC Medical Center (KL) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Staff Nurse (with experiences in Medical/Surgical Ward / OT / ICU / HDU)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div><strong>JOB SUMMARY:</strong></div><div>The Staff Nurse plans, implements and evaluates activities to ensure that the provision of quality holistic patient care is maintained. She is accountable for the 24 hours performance of nursing care given within that unit and responsible for maintaining wellness of the patients through the promotion of health education and rehabilitation. She provides ongoing collaboration and communication utilizing the shared decision making of the unit and the multi-disciplinary team members.</div><div><strong>DUTIES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></div><div><strong>1. General Duties</strong></div><ul><li>He/She is responsible to the Nurse Manager of the particular area he/she is attached to. In the absence of the Nurse Manager, the Staff Nurse / Charge Nurse deputize the Nurse Manager who is directly responsible to the Director of Nursing.</li><li>Adhere to all hospital policy and nursing code of conduct</li><li>To participate in ongoing hospital activities</li><li>The Staff Nurse is required to do shift duty and she may also be required to do on call duties.</li><li>Responsible in safe guarding information of a confidential nature related to the patients or hospital at all times.</li><li>She is required to render her service in case of emergency and disasters.</li></ul><div><strong>2. Administrations Duties</strong></div><ul><li>To check that all staff are on duty as rostered.</li><li>To inform Nurse Manager when staff is on Emergency or Medical Leave.</li><li>To be responsible for the admission, transfer, discharge and demised procedure of patients</li></ul><div><strong>3. Supervisory Duties</strong></div><ul><li>To assist the Nurse Manager periodically in checking of inventory, care of equipment (both medical and non-medical).</li><li>To ensure that all duties required to be done by the staff during her shift is carried out accordingly before passing over to the next shift.</li><li>To ensure that there is no wastage and misuse of all items in the ward.</li></ul><div><strong>4. Supervisory Duties</strong></div><ul><li>To assist the Nurse Manager periodically in checking of inventory, care of equipment (both medical and non-medical).</li><li>To ensure that all duties required to be done by the staff during her shift is carried out accordingly before passing over to the next shift.</li><li>To ensure that there is no wastage and misuse of all items in the ward.</li></ul><div><strong>5. Communication</strong></div><ul><li>To maintain good collaboration inter unit / department personnel, doctors, patients and the public.</li></ul><div><strong>6. Training</strong></div><ul><li>To be self motivated to update skill and knowledge by attending seminars, courses and workshop.</li><li>To attend / participate in service Education Programme.</li><li>To abide by the regulations of the Nursing Board in the renewal of the Annual Practicing Certificate.</li></ul><div><strong>7. Nursing Responsibility</strong></div><ul><li>To record and report precise progress of patients to the staff nurse taking over the shift.</li><li>To ensure that the emergency trolley is constantly checked, topped up and ready for use at any time.</li><li>To ensure that the principles of infection control is being practiced in the unit.</li></ul><div><strong>8. Dangerous Drugs and Medication</strong></div><ul><li>To be responsible and indent sufficient supply of Dangerous Drugs.</li><li>To be responsible in maintaining the records of the Dangerous Drugs and adhere strictly to the Dangerous Drugs protocol.</li><li>To report immediately to the Nurse Manager of any loss of drugs for immediate action</li></ul><div><strong>9. Charging Responsibilities</strong></div><ul><li>To ensure that all procedures carried out, consumable, medications and equipment used are charged accordingly.</li></ul><div><strong>10. Other Duties</strong></div><ul><li>To perform such other duties may be assigned from time to time by the Department Head or designated representative on behalf of the Management.</li></ul></div><div><strong>Job Requirement</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma/Bachelor's Degree in Nursing</li><li>Must have the updated Annual Practicing Certificate (APC)</li><li>Minimum 3 years of experiences in Medical/Surgical Ward / OT / ICU / HDU department is required for this position</li><li>Willing to work shift hours (preferably 12 hours per shift : 4 days working, 3 days off)</li><li>Willing to work in Jalan Ampang, KL</li><li>Able to adapt and flexible to changes within the organization</li><li>Good communication in English and Bahasa Malaysia</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
<div>
		Formerly known as HSC Medical Center, ALTY Orthopaedic Hospital was recently rebranded to reflect the growth and transformation of our hospital, a joint effort between TE Asia Healthcare and our founding group of established Orthopaedic Surgeons, as we pursue our dream of making this the orthopaedic hospital of choice.</div>
<div>
		In the last decade, HSC Medical Center has offered trustworthy patient-centric care for local and international patients, primarily in cardiac care and health screening. Building upon this, ALTY or &#8220;Adding Life to Years&#8221; will now provide focused care for Orthopaedic and Musculoskeletal conditions supported by other medical specialties. Health screening will continue to be a key service of ALTY, branded as HSC Health Screening.</div>
<div>
		At ALTY, we take pride in creating an environment where some of the most essential elements - value, ethics, expectations, goals and task management &#8211; come together to create a positive and productive ambiance where our employees can make a mark on their performance.</div>
<div>
		On top of prioritising a healthy work-life balance, we ensure all our employees are recognized as key drivers and the ambassadors of the company. Staying true to that, we encourage employee engagement through all-year round social activities to shape a well-rounded working experience for our employees.</div>
</div>
<div>
	#feelitinyourbones</div>
<div>
	#TheGiftOfGratitude</div>
<div>
	#altyortho</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/staff-nurse-with-experiences-in-medical-surgical-ward-ot-icu-hdu-4542235?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4542235" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 