---
title: "Osso Bone Care Chiropractic Vacancies PHYSIOTHERAPIST" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-08 
excerpt: "Osso Bone Care Chiropractic is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PHYSIOTHERAPIST which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Osso Bone Care Chiropractic is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PHYSIOTHERAPIST</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Osso Bone Care Chiropractic</strong> is now expanding into an even bigger team!</p><p>We are looking for a energetic, passionate, and dedicated <strong>Physiotherapist</strong> with positive attitudes who would like to expand their knowledge to grow alongside with a highly successful and experienced team. Great opportunity to treat severe and difficult cases patients with satisfaction results! Oppurtunity to learn the Future Technology of Chiropractic Treatments.</p><p><strong>Osso Bone Care</strong> is&#160;well established and has been operating since the year 2007 and currently we run two professional centres, one in Kuchai Lama and the other one in Cheras, Alam Damai well with systems and staff in place to handle everything from A-Z. We are the Pioneer in Malaysia offering Manual Flexion Distraction Therapy.</p><p>Are you tech savy? We have spent significant time and money getting latest technologies. We practice paperless concept to support Go Green, we use tablets to record daily patients' data, diagrams and as well acting as a bridge communication between you and Chiropractors to accomplish a modern medical practice and also to facilitate smooth operation system.</p><p>Our centres are designed with a modern approach with latest technology equipments and offers exclusive environment to provide utmost comfort for our patients.</p><p><strong>Right now we are looking for Physiotherapist with the following criteria:</strong>&#160;&#160;</p><ul><li>Candidates must possess at least Diploma / Degree in Physiotherapy.</li><li>At least 1&#160;Year of working experience in Physiotherapy (Fresh Grads are welcome to apply as well)</li><li>Required to communicate in&#160;English, Bahasa Malaysia, (Cantonese / Mandarin is an advantage.)</li><li>You must be professional!</li><li>Positive, passionate, learning attitude is a must!</li></ul><p><strong>What we can offer:</strong></p><ul><li>Huge career advancement and growth</li><li>Opportunity to learn and Training provided to master the skill of Osso Flexion Distraction Technique&#174; and 3D Osso Spinal Decompression Therapy&#8482;</li><li>Training that would expand&#160;your knowledge understanding about Spinal Disc.</li><li>Opportunity to treat patients mostly on Spinal Disc Problems and satisfaction towards patients recovery with Osso Flexion Distraction Adjustment Technique&#174;</li><li>Opportunity to work with experienced team in the industry and a steep learning path</li><li>Attractive based salary with high monthly incentive / commision pay. That means that the better you perform and the more people you help, your pay will go up substantially.</li><li>Five (5) Days Work</li><li>EPF &amp; SOCSO</li><li>Annual Leave &amp; Medical Leave</li></ul><p>So, do you want to be paid well based upon your hard work along with your team?</p><p>This is the place to be!</p><p>Candiates may refer the link provided below at our website for more information and video about Osso Flexion Distraction Adjustment Technique</p><p>https://www.osso.com.my/?page_id=338</p><p>Intrested Candidates please call <strong>03 79713632</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Osso Bone Care has been operating since 2007 and we&#8217;ve successfully served and treated more than 35,000 patients to date. We have been recognized as one of the Best 17 Chiropractors in Kuala Lumpur  by Trusted Malaysia in year 2020.We are proud to say that we are one of the first few pioneers in this field and we are always ready to deliver the result with passion.</p><p>We are 1st in Malaysia offering manual Osso Flexion Distraction Adjustment Technique &#174; which involves using a specialized table that simultaneously stretches and flexes the spine of a patient in a gentle cyclic motion to reduce the pressure in the spinal disc and restore the adjustment of the spinal disc.</p><p>We pride ourselves by also offering the unique 3D Spinal Decompression Therapy to our patients which is a non-surgical technology that is safe and pain-free. This therapy can help our patients on thickening and healing of the disc. It can also pump nutrients, blood and oxygen into the disc to release the waste and pressure off the pinched nerve.</p><p>More videos and Information at our website and facebook page</p><p>Website : www.osso.com.my</p><p>Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/ossobonecare</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/physiotherapist-4545686?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4545686" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 