---
title: "SHANZ Early Intervention and Learning Therapy Vacancies Occupational Therapist / Speech Language Therapist (Full/Part Time)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-05-01 
excerpt: "SHANZ Early Intervention and Learning Therapy is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Occupational Therapist / Speech Language Therapist (Full/Part Time) which positioned at Gelugor" 
tags: [Gelugor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>SHANZ Early Intervention and Learning Therapy is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Occupational Therapist / Speech Language Therapist (Full/Part Time)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>URGENT VACANCY</strong></p><p>Job Description</p><ul><li>Meets the client&#8217;s goals and needs and provides quality care by assessing and interpreting evaluations and test results and determining occupational therapy treatment plans in consultation.</li><li>Helps children with special needs to develop or regain physical or mental functioning or adjust to disabilities.</li><li>Provide training and education to family/caregivers and other professionals.</li><li>Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.</li><li>Documents patient care services by charting in patient and centre records.</li></ul><p>Job Requirement</p><ul><li>Candidate&#160;<strong>MUST</strong>&#160;possess at least Diploma/Degree in Occupational Therapy and/or Speech-Language Pathology or equivalent.</li><li>Required language(s):&#160;English, Bahasa Malaysia.</li><li>At least 1&#160;Year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Knowledgeable and able to work independently in a multi-disciplinary team with other healthcare professionals.</li><li>Passionate and Love working with children.</li></ul><p>Kindly contact 013 - 873 4583 for further information.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><span>Specialising in Multisensory Structured Language skills for people with special needs. </span></p><p><span>Provides Education Individualised Plan and Learning Enhancement Programme for children with learning difficulty.</span></p><p><span>Group or personal education programme for children with varies types of learning difficulty including but not limited to :</span></p><p><span>Dyslexia</span></p><p><span>Autism Spectrum Disorder</span></p><p><span>Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder</span></p><p><span>Behavioural Disorder</span></p><p><span>Developmental Delay</span></p><p><span>To fill the gaps in a student&#8217;s education, restore self-esteem, and improve learning skills such as visual and auditory processing, attention and focus, and memory skills.</span></p><p><span>Developing thinking processes as well as basic skills such as reading, spelling and writing. It builds on a student&#8217;s strengths thus fostering independence.</span></p><p><span>Our therapist will create and implement a customized programme for each individual that utilizes information from a variety of sources including the child&#8217;s social, emotional and psycho-educational.</span></p><p><span>While early intervention is highly desirable, it is NEVER too late to learn! We believe that every individual is different and deserves to be taught in the way in which he or she learns.</span></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Gelugor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/occupational-therapist-speech-language-therapist-full-part-time-4543394?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4543394" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 