---
title: "Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd Vacancies School Nurse" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-30 
excerpt: "Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the School Nurse which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn. Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>School Nurse</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>We are currently looking for high caliber&#160;School Nurse to join our Beacohouse family!</strong></p><p><strong>VACANCY: Sri Inai International School</strong></p><ul><li><strong>School Nurse (*Able to start 1 September 2021)</strong></li></ul><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li>Degree ln nursing or related discipline</li><li>2 - 4 years of overall experience as a <strong>Pediatric nurse</strong></li><li>English &amp; Bahasa Malaysia (Fluent), Mandarin an added advantage</li><li>Knowledge on healthcare for students and staff and preferably has some experience being a nurse in a school setting.</li><li>Knowledge on health screenings</li><li>Able to provide referrals to private healthcare providers</li><li>Able to liaise between school personnel, family, and community healthcare providers to ensure a healthy school environment</li></ul><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><p><strong>Nursing Duties&#160;</strong></p><ul><li>Developing plans for student care based on assessment, interventions.</li><li>Providing health-related education to students and staff in both individual and group settings</li><li>Monitoring immunizations, managing communicable diseases, and assessing the school environment as to prevent injury and ensure safety</li><li>Overseeing infection control measures</li><li>Actively participating in school safety plans that address school violence, bullying, and emergencies that may occur at school</li><li>Overseeing medication administration, health care procedures, and the development of healthcare plans</li><li>Overseeing vision, hearing, body mass index, and mental health screening procedures</li><li>Making decisions related to the delegation of healthcare tasks as directed by state laws and professional practice guidance</li><li>Providing health advice to school educational teams, such as the Committee on Special Needs children</li><li>Assisting families with locating outside care and obtaining health insurance</li></ul><p><strong>Candidates who are interested, please send your most updated Resume and Cover Letter to our recruitment mail box indicated in our Beaconhouse Malaysia careers page.</strong></p><ul><li>Indicate your availability to start</li><li>Current and expected salary.</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>The Beaconhouse Group is considered to be the largest school system of its kind, operating schools in eight countries for over forty three years.</p><p>Beaconhouse Malaysia currently owns and operates twelve schools within the Klang Valley, eight of which are Pre-schools, two Private Primary and Secondary Schools which offer the National Curriculum and two International Schools, offering Cambridge IGCSE Programmes.</p><p>At Beaconhouse we empower and inspire students to reach for excellence and to become independent global learners.We provide a solid foundation from Pre-school to Senior School allowing children to harness their individual character and talent in the pursuit of educational success.</p><p>Our core focus is to deliver high-quality academic programs that enable students to achieve their intellectual potential, develop confidence and lifelong-learning skills to improve their prospects beyond school.&#160;</p><p>With high standards that demand up-to-date teaching skills and a range of challenging programmes, Beaconhouse School System brings success within the reach of every student. As part of our expansion plans, we seek dedicated individuals to join us in the following positions:</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/school-nurse-4601416?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4601416" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 