---
title: "GALAXY OSTEO SDN. BHD. Vacancies Retail Pharmacy Assistant" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-19 
excerpt: "GALAXY OSTEO SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Retail Pharmacy Assistant which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>GALAXY OSTEO SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Retail Pharmacy Assistant</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Job Highlights<ul><li>Self-improvement with strong teamwork working environment</li><li>Few vacancies of backend and frontend available</li><li>If Sales involving, performance based incentives from RM200-RM1000</li></ul><br><strong>Who are we?</strong><ul><li>The Avelon Group founded in the year 2006 is dedicated to &#8220;Better Health Care for an Awesome You&#8221;. The group runs it pharmacies under the name &#8220;ParkCity&#8221; which aim to provide not only friendly but unmatchable service to ensure a &#8220;feel at home&#8221; environment. And with different arms there are few subsiadiries running healthcare wholesales business to all hospitals and pharmacies in Malaysia.</li><li>Avelon Group is a thinking company with a can-do attitude and passionate spirit. We believe that an organisation's success is largely resolved by its people and we promise to continually develope our own people to build empowerment and accountability.</li></ul>&#160;<strong>What do you do?</strong><ul><li>Pharmacy Daily Operation Management.</li><li>Skillful in analytical planning or keying in invoices.</li><li>Controlling stocks inventory and stock refilling.</li><li>Able to improve sales on healthcare products and creating promotions or assisting manager in marketing activities.</li><li>Taking care of patient healthcare by analysing customer's need.</li><li>Handling customers complaints.</li><li>Candidate must possess at least Diploma/Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma in any field.</li><li>At least ONE Year (1) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</li><li>Preferably Junior Executive specialized in Healthcare - Pharmacy or equivalent.</li><li><strong>Training provided.</strong></li><li>Prospective pharmacy assistant with experience working as a p.a may have an advantage when applying for jobs.</li><li>Employers also prefer applicants with strong customer service and communication skills, able to handle stress and experience managing inventories and using a computer.</li><li>Preferred dedicated, friendly, and responsible candidates.</li><li>Preferably Junior Executive specialized in Healthcare - Pharmacy or equivalent.</li></ul>&#160;<strong>Who are we looking for?</strong><ul><li>An enthusiastic and motivated individual.</li><li>Integrity and ethical in handling confidential matters</li><li>Good problem solving, analytical skills with good attention to details.</li><li>Responsible and able to deliver on promise.</li><li>Good communication skills.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>A Passion for A Better Healthcare!</p><p>Avelon Healthcare&#8230; Your Healthcare &#8220;Good Samaritan&#8221;</p><p>The Avelon Group founded in the year 2006 is dedicated to &#8220;Better Health Care for an Awesome You.&#8221; The group runs its pharmacies under the name &#8220;Park@City&#8221; which aims to provide not only friendly but unmatchable service to ensure a &#8220;feel at home&#8221; environment.</p><p>Today, we are in the pipeline to reach out to the needs of the people who truly value health as the first &amp; most important wealth.</p><p>With such a high level of commitment and responsibility toward its endeavor, one can only expect the best product, advice, and services to satisfy the ever-growing need of the people.</p><p>A Glowing Passion for Better Healthcare Because &#8220;Life is a One-Time-Offer&#8221;</p><p>Being a leading healthcare provider and your &#8220;Good Samaritan&#8221; pharmacy, our continuous expansion of the company&#8217;s product&#8217;s portfolio, from medical device to medicine dispensary, healthcare services and consultation, as well as advanced technologies to meet the ever-growing needs and demands of today&#8217;s modern society.</p><p>Knowing that life is a one-time offer and health is of paramount importance. Our range of products is formulated based on the nutritional requirement at different stages of life which the human body required to maintain optimum health to perform the many daily activities of life.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/retail-pharmacy-assistant-4524973?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4524973" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 