---
title: "Aimedis Sdn Bhd Vacancies Orthopaedic Implant Sales Executive" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-12 
excerpt: "Aimedis Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Orthopaedic Implant Sales Executive which positioned at Penang, Kedah, Perak, Perlis" 
tags: [Penang, Kedah, Perak, Perlis] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Aimedis Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Orthopaedic Implant Sales Executive</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Primary Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><p><em>(NOTE: Essential duties &amp; responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned)</em></p><ol><li>You will call on Orthopaedic surgeons and doctors at their respective offices as well as clinics, hospitals, operating theatres, and trade shows to market our products and explain the benefits of our products.</li><li>We will conduct extensive training to familiarize yourself to the implants and master the product.</li><li>Area of coverage: Government and private hospitals in Perlis, Kedah, Penang and Perak.</li></ol><p><strong>Job Scope Description:</strong></p><ul><li>Promote and sell company&#8217;s healthcare and orthopaedic implants to all clinicians and surgeons in assigned territory, including product evaluation and case attendance in the operating room setting.</li><li>Attends and satisfactorily completes the product training programmes, attaining the ability to demonstrate the required product and technical knowledge, knowledge of Company sales procedure and sales skills.</li><li>Conducts all sales activities in accordance with Company policies and procedures and in accordance with all applicable laws.</li><li>Educate and inform clinicians, staff nurses and other healthcare staff on the proper use and maintenance of healthcare and orthopaedic implants. (e.g., in-product service, product demonstration &amp; sales pitches)</li><li>Ensures collection and outstanding Accounts Receivables from customers in conjunction with other teams from Company.</li><li>Developing healthy and constructive relationships with key clinicians, surgeons, staff nurses, OR staff and hospital administration.</li><li>Cultivates new and expands sales prospects and customer opportunities to achieve sales growth of the products.</li><li>Participating in related trade shows, road shows, conventions, and/or clinical meetings and workshops.</li><li>Managing and maintaining products inventory on instruments designated on consignments to hospitals.</li><li>Provide succinct and elaborate meaningful reports on regular basis regarding market progress to your immediate Manager.</li><li>Prepares and submits sales reports on Daily, Weekly, Monthly and Quarterly and Annual basis; assists with preparing RFA&#8217;s (Request for Approval) for special sales initiative.</li><li>Gather market data on competitors and market trends and reporting in a useable fashion for business decision.</li><li>Maintain good inventory monitoring system for loaner sets, stock take and records on consignment.</li><li>Conducts customer-focused activities and meeting, required in Sales Representatives assigned territory.</li><li>Participate regularly in sales meetings and recommend ways of increasing sales. Participate in discussion regarding stock forecast to ensure product availability.</li><li>Strive to achieve quarterly and annual budgeted figures.</li></ul><p><strong>Requirements: Experience:</strong></p><p>Experience in sales line (if available)</p><p><strong><em>Fresh graduate is encouraged to apply.&#160;</em></strong></p><p><strong>Skills / Competency:</strong></p><ol><li>Strong interpersonal communication skills with cheerful temperament.</li><li>Team player who works towards common mission.</li><li>Quick learner to reach superior product knowledge. Able to absorb complex technical concepts.</li><li>Driven and self-motivated.</li><li>Be familiar with practice of operating room and procedure room etiquettes.</li><li>Know the correct use of products and able to assist and provide support to the attending surgeon during the surgery.</li><li>Practice good management of surgery schedule and balance face to face selling time.</li></ol></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Aimedis Sdn Bhd is a healthcare company that specialises in Orthopaedic trauma and biologics. Our list of products includes an exciting range of orthopaedic trauma implants, spine fixation devices and viscosupplements such as Hyaluronic acid intra articular injection for knee osteoarthritis. We are currently expanding our coverage of sales and service to Northern, Central Klang Valley and Southern region of Malaysia. Guided by our ambitious plans, Aimedis is setting its sights in becoming Malaysia&#8217;s best Orthopaedic implants distribution company by 2023. At Aimedis, we are continuously challenging ourselves to grow as Malaysia&#8217;s best implant distribution company by creating the highest values for customers based on human resources and technology.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Penang, Kedah, Perak, Perlis. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/orthopaedic-implant-sales-executive-4586788?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4586788" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 