---
title: "Regen Rehabilitation International Vacancies Pharmacist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-21 
excerpt: "Regen Rehabilitation International is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Pharmacist which positioned at Petaling Jaya" 
tags: [Petaling Jaya] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Regen Rehabilitation International is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Pharmacist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Position Purpose &amp; Summary</strong></p><p>The pharmacist ensures the provision of pharmaceutical services throughout the hospital and smooth pharmacy operation.&#160;The pharmacist is accountable for an effective and efficient hospital medication management system.&#160;&#160;</p><p><strong>Job Duties</strong></p><p>Administrative&#160;</p><ul><li>Manages daily operations of the department to ensure smooth operations and provision of services.</li><li>Supervises junior pharmacists and pharmacist assistants on all activities related to medication management system comprising of checking/verifying orders, entering medication orders, preparing and dispensing of medications.</li><li>Coordinate Pharmacy &amp; Therapeutics Committee meeting on medication use, review of medication error and review of hospital drug formulary.&#160;</li></ul><p>Clinical</p><ul><li>Performs all dispensing related functions: checking and verifying orders, preparing, labeling and dispensing individual medications in accordance with doctor&#8217;s prescriptions, compounding injectable and non-injectable pharmaceutical preparation using proper aseptic technique.</li><li>Contacts physicians regarding any questions or irregularities regarding medication uses.&#160;Document all recommendations and corrective actions taken.</li><li>Perform antibiotic stewardship activities by reviewing use of antibiotics in the hospital.</li><li>Participates in clinical activities which include but not limited to: attending Team Conference, conducting medication management teaching, processing drug information inquiries and consulting patients and families on discharge medications.</li><li>Serves as a resource to other departments for information related to medication use.</li><li>Consults with physician and nursing staff concerning availability, form, side effect and incompatibilities of currently available drugs.&#160;</li></ul><p>Resource Management</p><ul><li>Maintains pharmaceutical supplies/inventories and related activities which include and not limited to selection and procurement, storage and ordering to ensure compliance to all applicable Malaysia Laws, professional practice requirements and hospital policies.&#160;&#160;</li><li>Ensure availability of formulary drugs at the designated areas to ensure as possible, uninterrupted supply to meet patient needs.</li><li>Assure the security of dangerous and controlled drugs and other pharmaceutical products&#8217; use and storage are maintained at all times and its inventory is accurate and up to date.</li></ul><p>Facilities Management</p><ul><li>Maintains the cleanliness, safety and security of work areas, equipment and dispensing tools to ensure organized and high quality of work.&#160;</li></ul><p>Quality Assurance Program</p><ul><li>Participates in hospital patient safety, quality risk management and support quality improvement programs as appropriate.</li><li>Develops medication error and adverse drug reaction reporting program; monitors and analyses medication errors and provide regular report to relevant hospital committees.</li><li>Reports emerging risks, incidents, accidents, injuries and work-related illness</li></ul><p>Training</p><ul><li>Develops training and drug education programs for internal and external clients.</li><li>Plans continuous pharmacy education that includes regular drug education needs to maintain a level of competency required for the pharmacy position.</li><li>Participates in unit orientation program, preceptorship programs and professional improvement activities to enhance service standards&#160;&#160;</li></ul><p>Service Delivery</p><ul><li>Provides exemplary patient/customer service throughout organization.</li><li>Resolves patient complaint according to established complaint management process&#160;</li></ul><p><strong>Professional Experience / Minimum Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Degree in Pharmacy or its equivalent&#160;</li><li>Registered with the Pharmacy Board of Malaysia&#160;</li><li>Strong communication skills&#160;</li><li>Management and supervisory skills&#160;</li><li>Good analytical and problem-solving skills</li><li>Strong interpersonal skills an emotional intelligence</li><li>Computer Literate</li><li>Possess clinical pharmacy experience in a hospital or relevant healthcare setting</li><li>This position may occasionally require ability to supervise and lead others; Individual and/or Department set-up.</li></ul><p><strong>ONLY SHORTLISTED CANDIDATE WILL BE NOTIFIED</strong></p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>REGEN REHABILITATION INTERNATIONAL (ReGen) was established to provide exceptional inpatient rehabilitative care, as well as outpatient rehabilitative services to the ASEAN region, promoting healing and recovery in a compassionate environment.</div>
<div>ReGen is a joint venture of Khazanah Nasional Berhad, the strategic investment fund of the Government of Malaysia, and Select Medical International, (NYSE:SEM) an American specialty hospital company that operates over 100 rehabilitation and long-term acute care hospitals in the US.</div>
<div>Select Medical owns and operates the internationally-acclaimed Kessler Institute for Rehabilitation outside of New York City, as well as rehabilitation hospitals in partnership with the Cleveland Clinic, Cedars-Sinai, UCLA, Emory University, Baylor Health and other renown medical and academic leaders.<br>
&#160;</div>
<div>ReGen&#8217;s mission is to restore health and function, by providing patients and their caregivers access to world-class, outcomes-driven physical and cognitive rehabilitative care.&#160; We are dedicated to helping patients who have suffered a debilitating acute health condition &#8211; whether it be a stroke, traumatic brain injury or other accident &#8211; have the best possible chance at regaining function and living a healthy and independent life.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Petaling Jaya. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/pharmacist-4467730?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4467730&sectionRank=3&token=0~5cbf2b19-ccd1-48a8-839c-ddb740c173e4&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 