---
title: "POLIKLINIK DAMAI SDN. BHD. Vacancies PHARMACIST" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-06-17 
excerpt: "POLIKLINIK DAMAI SDN. BHD. is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the PHARMACIST which positioned at Kajang/Bangi/Serdang" 
tags: [Kajang/Bangi/Serdang] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>POLIKLINIK DAMAI SDN. BHD. is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>PHARMACIST</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>At&#160;<strong>DR. MANI GROUP</strong>&#160;of companies, you will be encouraged to manage and develop your career and growth to your potential. We believed in developing individual to all they can be.</p><p><strong>DR. MANI GROUP</strong> currently expanding their network in existing Medical and Dental clinics including set up of Pharmacy.</p><p>With massive expansion in our business, we are seeking highly committed, motivated and dynamic individual to join our big family.</p><p><strong>Job Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li><span>In charge of pharmacy operation, manpower handling, sales support and planning, procurement, and inventory.</span></li><li><span>Manage and oversee day-to-day operations of the store.</span></li><li><span>Maintain good communication and working relationship with all staff within the store, and with the Head Office.</span></li><li><span>Provide professional service in pharmaceutical care to all customers.</span></li><li><span>Monitor daily poison and product sales.</span></li><li><span>Provide basic health screenings, recommend suitable health supplements and personal care products.</span></li><li><span>Process prescriptions and dispensing medication.</span></li><li><span>Ensure a safe, clean, and organized working environment.</span></li><li><span>Provide excellent service and maintain a good relationship with all customers.</span></li><li><span>Any other task as and when assigned by the superior.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements:</strong></p><ul><li><span>Candidate must possess at least Bachelor's Degree/Post Graduate Diploma/Professional Degree in Pharmacy/Pharmacology or equivalent.</span></li><li><span>Registered with the Pharmacy Board of Malaysia.</span></li><li><span>Possess valid Annual Retention Certificate (ARC)</span></li><li><span>Provisional Registered Pharmacist (PRP) or newly registered FRP are welcome too.</span></li><li><span>At least 2&#160;year(s) of working experience in the related field is required for this position.</span></li><li><span>Able to work in a retail environment.</span></li><li><span>Able to work independently.</span></li><li><span>Able to work on shifts (including weekends and public holidays)</span></li><li><span>Good communication, interpersonal and working skills.</span></li><li><span>Required languages: English, Bahasa Malaysia</span></li><li><span>Fresh Diploma graduate with 2-3 years relevant working experience, preferable in Clinic/Hospital Pharmacy are welcome too.</span></li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p>Thank you for your interest in our healthcare services.</p><p>Here in POLIKLINIK DAMAI SDN. BHD. (1091733P) group of clinics, we strive to provide the best healthcare services to move towards excellence as a team.</p><p>POLIKLINIK DAMAI (24 JAM) is our headquarters as located at No. 21 &amp; 23, Jalan Kesuma 3/11, Bandar Tasik Kesuma, Beranang, Selangor. We also have a few branches at Pekan Kecil Beranang (Selangor), Eco Taipan Semenyih (Selangor), Bandar Prima Senawang (N.Sembilan), Menara Simfoni, Balakong (Selangor), Semenyih Impiana (Selangor), Jalan Pudu (Kuala Lumpur) and&#160;Jakel Mall (Kuala Lumpur).</p><p>With increasing efficiency and trust from customers, we are always in the process of expanding our practice and business to serve better our customers. Our clinics are managed by a group of doctors who are fully registered, qualified and dedicated to our work. We offer medical and healthcare services with option of male and female doctors.</p><p>The operation hours are seven days a week including on selected Public Holiday. It will give convenience to people to get a consultation and treatment as they wish.</p><p>We work closely as a team and we are dedicated to meeting the needs of our staff for continuing development and welfare. We value our staff and invest in their continual growth and development.</p><p>We offer an attractive rewards!</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kajang/Bangi/Serdang. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/pharmacist-4592358?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4592358" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 