---
title: "IMU Education Sdn Bhd Vacancies Senior Executive, Pharmacy Store" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-18 
excerpt: "IMU Education Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Senior Executive, Pharmacy Store which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>IMU Education Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Senior Executive, Pharmacy Store</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><strong>Receiving</strong></div><ul><li>Performs accurate receiving and timely storing of goods in the allocated space in accordance with cold chain and medication storage requirements.</li><li>&#160;Stores stocks newly received, in the allocated space in the Store, in accordance with requirements of cold chain and medication storage requirements.</li><li>Attends to goods delivered by vendors, verifying the accuracy of supply and checking for damages and defects as well as shelf life, prior to receiving them.</li><li>Brings to the attention of the Pharmacists or Pharmacy Manager if there is any discrepancy in packaging, integrity and quantity delivered.</li><li>Performs accurate posting of Goods receipts in the inventory system.</li><li>Send related receiving documents to vendors and Finance department.</li><li>Prepares all receiving and issuing documents, updates and files stock transfer forms and other records required to be maintained by the Pharmacy Store.</li><li>Follows up on open and back orders to ensure goods are delivered within the specified time frame. Reports to the Pharmacy Manager of any delay or problems anticipated. Take necessary action to resolve delay or problems as per Pharmacy Manager.</li></ul><div><strong>Issuing</strong></div><ul><li>Issues goods requested and ensure prompt update of entries in the computer system.</li><li>Ensures accurate issuing of requisitions and stock transfers lists for various Pharmacy sub stores while coordinating with the various Pharmacy Sub stores for collections or delivery of goods ordered.</li><li>Maintains appropriate control records of requisitions and stock transfer lists for audit purpose.</li><li>Performs stock transfers in the system when required.</li></ul><div><strong>Inventory Control/ Stock Take</strong></div><ul><li>Performs daily stock count on high value items.</li><li>Performs routine checks of all inventory items to detect variances between physical stock and system balance.</li><li>&#160;Assists in the periodic checking of physical count of stock on hand and verifying any discrepancies arising.</li><li>Perform accurate count during stock take and assists in reconciliation of stock items.</li><li>Monitors expiry dates of slow-moving goods and ensures slow moving stocks are rotated or exchanged with the vendor.</li></ul><div><strong>Stock Level</strong><ul><li>Monitor Main Store stock level and ensure purchase requisition is initiated on a timely manne.</li><li>Reports to the Pharmacy Manager of any delay or problems anticipated. Take necessary action to resolve delay or problems as per Pharmacy Manager</li></ul><ul></ul><div><strong>Security</strong></div><ul><li>Ensures safe storage and security of inventories in Pharmacy Store at all times.</li></ul><div><strong>Other Duties</strong><br>&#160;</div><ul><li>Provide training and supervision.</li><li>Ensure general cleanliness of Pharmacy Store at all times.</li><li>Ensure Pharmacy inventory storage areas are labeled properly.</li><li>Assists Manager in handling loans or returns of urgent drug requests.</li><li>Review records of supply transaction ad adjust stock levels periodically.</li><li>Compile reports of expenditure and assist in budget planning.</li></ul><div><strong>Job Requiremen</strong>t&#160;</div><ul><li>Minimum 3 years of managing a hospital pharmacy store with minimum SPM or Diploma in Logistic and Warehousing/ relevant related field.</li><li>Good communication skills in both English &amp; Bahasa Malaysia.</li><li>Ability to perform physical task to lift boxes of stocks and put them away for storage.</li><li>Ability to interact and communicate effectively with all staff level of Pharmacy and General Store and vendors.</li><li>Ability to utilize discretionary skills to schedule deliveries and to ensure accuracy to supply as ordered.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	The International Medical University (IMU) is Malaysia&#8217;s first and most established private medical and healthcare university with 27 years of dedicated focus in healthcare education. Established in 1992, the University enjoys an international reputation, and provides a high standard of education at undergraduate, postgraduate and continuing professional development level. Its programmes consist of both local tracks (IMU degree), as well as international partner tracks (partner university degree).&#160;</div>
<div>
<strong>Product &amp; Services</strong></div>
<div>
	Medical education and Pharmacy programme</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/senior-executive-pharmacy-store-4538711?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4538711" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 