---
title: "CLINIC RX Vacancies Regenerative Medicine Physician" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-05 
excerpt: "CLINIC RX is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Regenerative Medicine Physician which positioned at Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>CLINIC RX is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Regenerative Medicine Physician</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Job Highlights</strong></p><ul><li>Attractive remuneration package</li><li>Ample opportunities for training, career development &amp; advancement</li><li>Be a part of an awesome doctor team</li></ul><p><strong>Job Requirements</strong></p><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree in Medicine &amp; Surgery or equivalent professional degree.</li><li>Candidate must be registered with Malaysian Medical Council (MMC) and possess a valid Annual Practicing Certificate (APC).</li><li>Possess at least 3 years of working experience in wellness, hormonal medicine &amp; stemcell medicine.</li><li>Exceptional communication skills, time management and customer service skills</li><li>Monthly income includes lucrative commission, which may vary due to the sales achieved during the month.&#8203;</li></ul><p><strong>Job Scope</strong></p><ul><li>Spearhead and establish a Regenerative and Integrative medicine unit</li><li>Assess, evaluate and counsel patients for general health screening, wellness/hormonal/stem cell treatments, recommending suitable therapies for enhancing wellness</li><li>Research and review the progress of patients with the aim of optimising their health and wellness.</li><li>Maintain regularly updated patient medical records that document all evaluations, medications, treatments, test results and other records.</li><li>Ensure that the current care program is as effective as possible for patients.</li><li>Provide briefings and presentations on topics such as proper nutrition and fitness to assist them in making informed decisions and taking good care of their health.</li><li>Proactively identify potential customers to expand customer database through quality and professional sales processes to meet monthly sales targets.</li><li>Provide account management and maintain good rapport with customers to ensure attainment of sales objectives.</li><li>Identify business growth opportunities; assists in the development and implementation of marketing plans that covers sales, revenue and expense control as needed.</li><li>Work together with the marketing team to develop the wellness field.</li><li>Keep up to date with latest medical developments, treatments and medications in your relevant field.</li><li>Provide timely feedback to the management regarding sales performance, customers&#8217; needs, feedback, information, complaints on delivery, quality problem etc. and determine amicable solutions.</li></ul><p>Interested applicants are invited to send your updated resume with picture in MS Word format via Apply Now.</p><p>We regret that only shortlisted applicants will be notified.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div></div><div><div><span><div><p>Welcome to the world of Clinic RX aesthetics . At Clinic Rx, a calm and comfortable aesthetic experience journey awaits you. Borne with passion and desire to make beauty more approachable, our aestheticians and&#160;physicians corroborate your safety and beauty as our top priority.</p><p>We specialize&#160;in performing the latest aesthetic techniques and treatments. Clinic Rx is built with 5 star elegant personalized facilities made specially for you. Our clinic is equipped with the newest Korean top-of-the-line cutting-edge beauty equipments.</p><p>Experience the Art of Aesthetic Transformation with us, at Clinic Rx we Re-Inspire Life.</p></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/regenerative-medicine-physician-4456746?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4456746&sectionRank=16&token=0~b5fdd13d-f55c-48e3-9207-e97bd148decb&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 