---
title: "Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd Vacancies Vaccination Centre" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-20 
excerpt: "Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Vaccination Centre which positioned at Selangor" 
tags: [Selangor] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Vaccination Centre</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Sunway Medical Centre has been designated as a Covid-19 Vaccination Centre and is administering the vaccine to the public as part of phase II &amp; III of the National Covid-19 Immunisation Programme. Our medical centre will serve as one of the vaccination centre in the Petaling District and we are recruiting suitable candidates to join our vaccination centre now.</div><div><strong>This is an exciting opportunity to join us and play your part in protecting the community and saving lives!</strong></div><div>The following registered healthcare &amp; non-healthcare professionals can apply for these available roles:</div><div><strong>Medical Officer (Registered with MMC &amp; Possess valid APC)</strong></div><ul><li>Pre-vaccine &amp; Post-vaccine assessment and counselling sessions for vaccine recipients</li></ul><div><strong>State Registered Nurse, SRN (Registered with LJM &amp; Possess valid APC)</strong></div><ul><li>Administer the vaccine to the vaccine recipients according to SOP</li></ul><div><strong>Pharmacist (Registered with LFM &amp; Possess valid APC)</strong></div><ul><li>Administer the COVID-19 vaccine &#8211; To prepare and supply vaccine to vaccinator</li><li>Serve as an on-site drug information resource&#160;&#160;</li><li>Reconstitute medication vials correctly and efficiently; and</li><li>Managing the vaccine-related inventory.</li></ul><div><strong>Command Centre Manager</strong></div><ul><li>Managing line listing/manpower/rostering to ensure smooth daily operation of the vaccination centre</li><li>Ensuring daily report consolidation timelines are met promptly</li><li>Ensuring process efficiency of centre operation and management of inventory/ consumables onsite.</li><li>Training/ Orientation for new staff onsite</li><li>Manage internal/ external communications</li><li>Liaising with key internal/external stakeholders</li></ul><div><strong>Command Centre Administrator</strong></div><ul><li>To give reminder call to vaccine recipients the next day</li><li>To call in vaccine recipients in the standby listing if there is any unfit recipients (no wastage allowed)</li><li>Reconcile signed consent forms for submission to KK Puchong</li></ul><div><strong>Registration Station/Administrative Assistants/Post Vaccination Station</strong></div><ul><li>Administering the vaccination registration process in myVAS system using vaccine recipient&#8217;s national identity card or passport</li><li>To issues vaccination card and inform recipient their appointment for second dose</li><li>To trace recipient name in myVAS to ensure barcode for vaccination has been scanned</li></ul><div><strong>Triage Station</strong></div><ul><li>Temperature Screeners: Conducting basic screening such as temperature checks and validating vaccine recipient&#8217;s vaccination status.</li></ul><div><strong>Usherers</strong></div><ul><li>Managing the process flow inside the vaccination centre and ushering the vaccine recipients to the waiting areas and vaccination stations according to their queue.</li><li>Assist in the prevention of overcrowding by encouraging social distancing.</li><li>Signposting and guiding members of the public where to go outside and inside the building.</li><li>To be on standby and provide the necessary support as and when needed</li></ul><div><strong>Perks &amp; Benefits:</strong></div><div><strong>Nearby public transportation (Sunway BRT)</strong></div><div><strong>Shutter bus service available from Sunway Pyramid</strong></div><div><strong>Meal provided</strong></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	Sunway Medical Centre Sdn Bhd is a multi-disciplinary acute tertiary care hospital, located within the integrated properties of Bandar Sunway. We have established many Centres of Excellence and take pride in providing the highest standard of care and treatment to our patients. A highly-accredited hospital, we are internationally certified with the Australian Council on Healthcare Standards (ACHS) and its laboratory is the first in Malaysia to be awarded the Westgard Sigma Verification and is also certified by Standards Malaysia (MS ISO 15189).</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Selangor. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/vaccination-centre-4542241?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4542241" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 