---
title: "NUMED MALAYSIA SDN. BHD Vacancies Clinic Assistant cum Nurse (3 Months)" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-01-13 
excerpt: "NUMED MALAYSIA SDN. BHD is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Clinic Assistant cum Nurse (3 Months) which positioned at Johor Bahru" 
tags: [Johor Bahru] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>NUMED MALAYSIA SDN. BHD is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Clinic Assistant cum Nurse (3 Months)</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include link-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><p><strong>Main Duties and Responsibilities</strong></p><p>This role includes but is not limited to the following tasks/duties:</p><ul><li>Assist the doctor in the care of patients. This duty includes the preparation of equipment and instruments used by the doctor, and delivers medication prescribed by the doctor.</li><li>Conduct the intake procedures of each patient entering the clinic. This procedure involves the assessment of the injury or symptom, learning about past medical problems of the patient and other pertinent facts the doctor needs to identify and treat the medical problem.</li><li>Provide care according to the established care plan ensuring that the emotional, spiritual, physical comfort and safety of clients are met to the greatest possible extent; care must be within the scope of practice of a Licensed/Registered Practical Nurse.</li><li>Perform nursing procedures for which recognized training and current competency can be demonstrated.</li><li>Understand and implement infection prevention practices including the cleaning of equipment and instruments to maintain sanitary conditions. Along with this is the responsibility to check the equipment periodically to make sure it works properly.</li><li>Participate in ongoing internal and/or external continuing education activities.</li><li>Participates in proactive Health &amp; Safety activities while performing all duties. Is responsible to notify immediate Supervisor of any Health &amp; Safety risks or concerns.</li><li>Maintains confidentiality of client and corporate information and discusses same only with appropriate clinic personnel.</li><li>Maintains the cleanliness of clinic at all time.</li><li>Performs miscellaneous job-related duties as assigned.</li></ul><p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p><ul><li>Certificate/Diploma / Degree in nursing&#160;or equivalent studies</li></ul><p><strong>Knowledge, Skills, and Experience</strong></p><ul><li>&#160;Minimum 1-year experience in hospital, clinic or any other healthcare facility</li><li>&#160;Knowledge of basic computer skills</li><li>&#160;Good command of English and Bahasa Melayu (written&amp; spoken)</li></ul><p><strong>Attributes and Behaviours</strong></p><ul><li>&#160;Works in a planned and structured way</li><li>&#160;Ensures that all activities are completed on time</li><li>&#160;Recognizes urgency and takes decisive action when required</li><li>&#160;Keeps an open mind to alternative ways of doing things</li><li>&#160;Confidently deals with a broad range of information</li><li>&#160;Should be able to anticipate obstacles and think ahead to ways of overcoming them.</li><li>&#160;Skill in organizing resources and establishing priorities</li></ul><p>Benefits</p><ul><li>Transport Allowance</li><li>Medical Benefit - (Outpatient &amp; Hospitalization)</li></ul></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>Newcastle University is a Russell Group University and we ranked 17th out of 122 in the UK in The Sunday Times 2013 University Guide, and third in the North East and Yorkshire. We have a world-class reputation for research excellence and are spearheading three major societal challenges that have a significant impact on global society.</div>
<div>Newcastle University is the first UK university to establish a fully owned international branch campus for medicine at its NUMed Campus in Malaysia.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor Bahru. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/clinic-assistant-cum-nurse-3-months-4462101?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4462101&sectionRank=3&token=0~8e54fc56-e00e-4676-bf56-4a48ebf7814e&fr=SRP%20View%20In%20New%20Ta" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include link-adsense.html %} 