---
title: "DVA (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Vacancies Clinical Services Specialist" 
category: Jobs 
date: 2021-04-02 
excerpt: "DVA (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is currently looking for suitable person to fill in the Clinical Services Specialist which positioned at Johor Bahru, Kuala Lumpur" 
tags: [Johor Bahru, Kuala Lumpur] 
toc: true 
toc_label: TOC 
toc_icon: "fire" 
--- 

<p>DVA (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd is looking for new potential candidates to fill in for <b>Clinical Services Specialist</b> position. If you currently looking for new healthcare job opportunities and qualified with the job desc, feel free to apply this job.
</p>{% include 300-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Job Description</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div><div>The main responsibility is to provide expert nephrology knowledge to nurses and patients in the DaVita facilities. Provision of a quality nephrology service through consultation with Country Nursing Lead and Chief Medical Officer.</div><div><strong>Accountabilities:</strong></div><ul><li>Assist in the development, review, revision, and compliance of clinical policies and procedures and/or education materials.</li><li>Provide training and monitor the implementation of clinical policies and procedures in the facility.</li><li>Participate with the Country Nursing Lead (CNL) and Facility Administrator (FA) in the identification and development of facility specific education and outcome goals.</li><li>Provides a consultancy service for other appropriate health professionals within DaVita facilities.</li><li>Develops and conducts formal and informal education for appropriate nurses and teammates</li><li>Assist in the development of patient education program, conduct patient education seminar, and participate in patient focus program.</li><li>Coordinate the review and investigation of sentinel adverse occurrences and participate in the plan of correction and follow-up as requested.</li><li>Facilitate all education program/audit process, scheduling of classes and logistic requirement.</li><li>Provide support/direction to all Quality Champions/Preceptor and develop resolution to address their needs.</li><li>Oversees the timely submission of all reports and data collection requests by the corporate support teams.</li><li>Facilitate all external regulatory and safety audits and requirements on and as needed basis.</li><li>Perform clinical audits as indicated and provide support in developing a plan of correction. Work with the Facility Administrator and Operational Director to ensure implementation and resolution of deficiencies.</li><li>Coordinate the review and investigation of sentinel adverse occurrences and participate in the plan of correction and follow up as required.</li></ul><div><strong>You are qualified, if you are:</strong></div><ul><li>Candidate must possess at least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma, Professional Degree, Master's Degree, Medicine, Medical Science, Nursing or equivalent.</li><li>Registered as a general nurse with Malaysia Nursing Board.</li><li>Possess Post Post Basic Certification/Diploma in Renal Nursing.</li><li>Extensive and recent experience in Nephrology nursing (minimum 5 years).</li><li>Demonstrated knowledge of contemporary Nephrology nursing theory and practice.</li><li>Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communications skills including ability to listen attentively and to communicate information clearly and effectively.</li><li>Computer literacy.</li><li>Demonstrated commitment to quality improvement initiatives.</li><li>Professional and excellent presentation skills.</li><li>Willing to travel.</li><li>Required language(s): Bahasa Malaysia, English.</li><li>2 Full-Time position(s) available in Northern Region and Johor Bahru Region.</li></ul></div></div></span></div></div></div> 
{% include article-adsense.html %} 
<div><div><h4>Company Overview</h4></div><div><div><span><div><div>
	DaVita Inc. (NYSE: DVA), a Fortune 200&#174; company, is one of the largest health care (Renal) providers in the United States. Outside of the United States, DaVita Inc.&#8217;s operating subsidiaries provide coordinated care to patients across 11 countries. Our physician-led community focuses on and strives for improved clinical outcomes, better patient experiences, more fulfilling clinician experiences and being a great place to work. Given our strong physician network and cooperating partners, we are able to provide a high-quality care with specific focus on seamless transitions of care, individualized care plans and excellent medical outcomes.</div></div></span></div></div></div> 
#### How To Apply 
If you confident and feel that this job is suitable to you, go ahead take your action now. <br/> 
Hope you find your dream hospital job in Johor Bahru, Kuala Lumpur. <br/> 
<a href="https://www.jobstreet.com.my/en/job/clinical-services-specialist-4524356?jobId=jobstreet-my-job-4524356" class="btn btn--warning" target="_blank" rel="nofollow noopenner">Apply Online</a> 
{% include 300-adsense.html %} 